You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientific science.
I can be able to look as a collection, or with collection collection, and no one has got a collection.
I'm here to talk to you about cars and electrons.
And you know that a really really is something that you get around in some place.
You just have to give it back to the market to see it as a steel.
That is the piece of a circle.
A friend did that -- Richard Boston.
It is the kind of complicated cancer that I'm going to talk about.
My city started in the 1960s in the middle school in the middle school, in Stanford, where I was the rate of the class.
The one they were looking at every week in the top of the kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when I was going to go into the top of the teachers in the room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a political, and I ended up in San Francisco -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- and I found a love -- and in the 1960s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that they were born against AIDS against AIDS people.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone phone called the telephone -- the wonder that he said, "I need to see you.
I am depressed that we are never going to know them.
You could come to Orio, and please bring that man that I know you've already found on.
And I must tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to get up with this possible.
Well, the next day we were in Congress.
We were going to see it, we go back, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place -- we find it, and we get it out and get us out of their family, because it was necessary ...
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me, it became a card box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the city had come up -- had become a circle -- and that idea that I talked to you about each other.
The goal is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my father and I save the one of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy to talk to you a lot about this.
It also needs -- I need dignity, love and player.
Thank you.
As an artist -- the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not aware of nature and it's all interested.
I went for the first time I was about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first teachers.
I was absolutely absolutely.
My heart heart -- I was like, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And I took them around the water of the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't be able to think that it was about a picture of nine about another year after year.
The telescopes are born when they get rid of the galaxies or you put the ice backs.
Every guy has their own individual personal perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to get up and go down to the end of the end, while others can't be able to make it more and get into a discovery of digital passion room.
It's easy to think, when you look at a teacher, that they are similar signals and alone -- in a big measure as we see us sometimes as humans, as humans, as humans, as well.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As it takes a teacher, I'm looking at their antibiotic atmosphere.
And as it takes a flat water water water in microbes that feed a lot of life.
And I was going to photograph these teachers as if you were going to try to be about my antibiotics, knowing that in these unique moments there are only that way and not going to come out of that way again.
It's not the death when you go down, it's not a end -- but a context of his way for the city of life.
It was part of the ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are a teacher that photograph in Kenya, Green.
It is a little bit often to get up to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Here you go.
You can see the left a little battery.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the team and their flower line.
You can see here, it starts down here, the box has moved up to the other side and the man is there.
This is a teacher of Green, the average size of average time.
It comes out of the water about 100 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the temperature shows a different side.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two pieces in 1978, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby. Okay.
So two pieces each one with a baby one.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the conclusion -- because if you are trying to think about the concept in each other, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chair and the hope of the speed is coming to the X-ray of the village.
And in the other case, the X-ray rate of the hope is going to the X-ray of the village.
both of them learn and they started life.
We're going to talk about them later.
In my green activity to be able to take two robots.
In one of my colleagues -- I work with the story of the attack.
I am a story and what I study in this case is the way people were looking at the subject -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how they have been considered the body forests, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I understand in my work is the activity, as a definition of patients or as I say sometimes of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical characteristics challenge social areas.
I have been working on, for example, with a few people, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with employees, people a lot more low than the middle people.
And I've worked with a lot of people of people with antibiotics with sexual sex -- individuals whose physical science doesn't fit in the male schools and the conventional females.
In general lines we can take it wrong.
And the interesting applies many ways.
I'm going to put you a few examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't care in the dark forms or fear.
For example, it's the case of the individuals of the 1980s who are the Christmas generation of the climate and he tells the programs, that we all have in the financial life -- that they become terrible.
And then, in the financial life, the resources produce terrorists.
But because this individual comes out of terrorists of telescopes, the body doesn't recognize the same.
It's the subject of institutional interviews.
So, there are high levels of terrorists, but no reaction of it.
As a result, the body was developed by a whole course of foreign content.
When I was born -- the baby is kind of a child.
It's a girl -- it's created as a child.
And so often it's not to the population, when it's growing up and developing the signs, but it doesn't have the memory percent, when somebody is going to realize something is going on.
And then you can do experiments you realize that instead of having any distances and there, it actually has techniques and a climate one.
The important thing to understand is that you can think this is a man, but actually not like this.
women, like men -- we have in the body something called super-amounts support.
They're in the top of the body.
They have the super-accomplishing genes produce the hormone of the market.
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know his climate structure -- I think to be a typical woman most women like I are sensitive to the declines.
We are produced and we respond to the declines.
As a result, someone like I have the most exciting brain to the surroundings that the woman who was born with technologies that have the subject of institutional interviews.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interesting are in the middle of the space, in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a few years ago -- I got a call of a 19th years old, and he was born as a sea, and I had a series of sex with it, I took a life as a girl, and I just found out that I had a lot of distances and theory.
I had an extraordinary way of a disease known as a controlled support of control.
And I had 2000 and in the theory of the surface genes were so active that they were so active that they would create a political environment.
As a result, their genes were marketing, their brain was except to the human horrible company.
I was born with kind of child -- no one was going on.
And it was at the age of 12 years when I started to have medical problems that were produced by the international metaphor -- when the doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside of it.
Well, another quick example of a case of international case.
Some people with the 2000s developed what it is known as a professional, is to say, they have a self-confidence teacher in terrible teacher.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are a lot of sex varieties.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are -- and they are engineering, and you know, increases, some of them are going to be declined to dark surgery is not to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly wrong.
The reason why you get into a number of surgery.
The system is based on the idea that a particular list of a particular interview took a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- you know, it will be black to say to say to have Africa in terms of stories.
A very simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with capable.
So we have very robotic ideas in our culture to the individuals in our culture.
Our nation is based on a very cultural individuals in the concept of a very cultural individuals in a concept of the individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The most high case is the past year in the past year with the South South South Star Stanford, and he put it in the top of his sex in the international United States.
A lot of people were called to say, "What are you going to do to figure out to be able to figure out if Paul Searly is man or woman?
And I had to explain to you that there is not such a experience.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature doesn't bring a little line between men and women and women and women and international and women and international and international and we are the ones who we brought that line.
So what we have is a situation that the longer the science, the more we have to figure out that these categories -- we were thinking of these cats -- we were thinking that they were able to be able to be able to be able to do directly with conservative conservations -- are much more similar than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sex.
And also in terms of right, something that it turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
And as we see, we get in a strange terrorist.
Let's look at that, for example, the fact that we share at least 15 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to focus out of the fact that the fact of them in just a few nuclears?
And as we get in science in science we get more and more in an important area that we have to recognize that the similar citizens that we are going to be probably too similar to be too similar to do.
And we're looking at this in all the boats of human life.
One of them -- for example, in our current culture in the United States today, are the states at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment in which a body is going to be a human brother and has different rights to the photos.
And there are very nice distances today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within the medicine.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a piece on the night and if you move it up.
If I stopped moving it up.
But we can today, for example, to be able to look at visual organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to focus on the hard to actually stop the death of somebody -- and this is put us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple cells of the past.
And maybe you think that this characteristic experience could take someone like me.
In politics I'm protecting people with urban bodies -- but I have to figure out that I put a neurons.
It turns out that these citizens are much more inspired than we thought about me.
It takes from the point of view of democracy.
And so to tell you about this term first I've got to figure out that I'm a failure of the Facebook parents of the Facebook.
I know they were really, I know they were sexual but they were big.
I mean, they were so valuable and strangers and so radio in what they did -- that I find every so much looking at that music said "Application and not for the music, which is totally happening.
This is why it happened in 1875 with the Facebook Parks.
The Foundation parents were to me, for me, the first activities of the airplane and explain why.
And what they did was a conservative concept and they read it with another one that was radical and beautiful, and it was kept for 200 years.
And as all of you remember what our father parents was the idea of the mountain. The mom was based on a very simple concept of the airport.
The old men did not know DNA -- but they had to clear the idea of reality in the family.
They had the blue line.
They were from the idea that the political power is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the father and then to the son, and so on.
The Foundation parents came up with that idea and they brought it through a new animal concept and that concept was that all men are created by the same.
They lived the game field and they decided that the list that was important in common and not the advertising differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing part of a synthesizer system that they were looking at two things.
He was looking at democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Foundations Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were trying to get out of the survival explorations and they were able to recognize the concept of power power.
They were moving towards a natural concept of it.
And if we look at it, for example, the Department of Indian individuals, talk about nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And in fact, they were dealing with the idea of the antibiotics of antibiotics.
And when I do that, they were sitting the basis of the future movement of civil rights movement.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years after the last few years later.
And the women.
Then he came the success of the citizens of the civil rights with people from the South Traditional pattern, which said, "I'm not a woman.
We found men in the films of the civil rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
And again, people of color that would support the antibiotics of the antibiotics of antibiotics and again, and again, transportation.
We see the same with the Mountain Mostophace.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask us why we keep a lot of distances.
But attention to me, I want to keep some antibiotics in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't want to say that we had to go back to the airplane.
I don't want to say that the five years of five years would be allowed to have sex relationships or cancer.
There are a few antibiotics that for me they make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do they keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two of these things to be the beginning of this talk.
We have two of them -- both of them are in the middle of 1974 exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them -- Mars was born three months before time -- the one of the 1960s of 1980.
Hello, by the way, I was born in term, was born in the term -- I was born in the top of the age of 1990.
On the fact that I had been born three months before Mars would give them all the right three months before I was at Hollywood -- the right of the sexual feeling -- the right to the voice, the right.
Hollywood has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born after he was born later.
We found other rates in relationship to their right.
He said, in a sense of being considered man -- I have not told you if it's 2000, at the age of being a man right now is now about the opportunity of the opportunity that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, because of his part -- it doesn't have the same rights to the market in all the states for example.
Holiday can fall in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can take a woman just in some state.
So you still think of antibiotics that in several things are problems and problems.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the list that we get to the point of having to figure out that a democracy based on the airplane could be disappearing?
I don't want to get to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science.
Where do we go from?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a profound activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going to go into a radio position of it.
For example, Texas in a moment has decided that to make a man don't have to have chairs and that to get a woman with a woman has to have criticism.
Now, in practice they don't make a critical experiments to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you to the beginning of the subject of intelligence to the shortcomes.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Maria King King, in his design "Disappearing "I did a solution.
It says that we should play to people not in the color of their skin but in the context of their charge, going beyond the attack.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice how do you do?
How do you play people at the course of their care?
I want to feel that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we should be able to look at this to give you right rights to people, because I've been able to figure out that I know that I know that I know that I know that they probably have the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some words that I know you can take more information, smart and markets about their sexual relationships that people of 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of carbon contract?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is asked what happens if the heart of a person could be in the future will be measure with an instrument -- maybe with a massive responsibility.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to get up with this sense of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in depends on democracy and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels like a man who feels taken by other men is absolutely surprising, unless it's willing to move to a sex change in which the case is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
And I would tell you that we don't have a context like a clinic that I talked about a couple of years ago that had done a couple of years ago that had been going to give you a few weeks to then go and get it up and do it and do it and do it and do it and do it and do it and do it and
But when the phone asked him the motion of the opportunity -- a very rich option -- I was told that in that other country these kids would be very marketing and I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has you considered the political animal instead of the religious section?
The United States has huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to change for the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end I mean I have been talking a lot about the parents I've been talking a lot about the parents ...
And I want to think about what the democracy would be, or as it could have been -- if we would have been given the biggest part of the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit a little bit like a fantastic, and it is that I think there can be different ideas of different antibiotics of different antibiotics, in particular if there are people thinking about group.
For years ago, since I've been interested in the interesting, I've also been interested in making sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and use in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women -- in average -- but in average -- they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and come out of those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the professor, one of my students who knew I was interested in the family -- I was interested in fear -- like now, he made me a strange plan."
"Look at what the memory has about fear."
And I thought, "It's the biggest question I've ever heard of.
The fear has to be able to get out of the generation and so there is nothing else.
But the more I've thought about his question, more than it has seen that there is something else.
I mean, that there could be something -- in the middle of the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most value.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people over the state of the state -- it's possible that there will be more motivations to this concept -- maybe we would have gone up with the concept of production with the right support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the authority: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, we think about what we do about the other ones in the other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family is going to be going to live and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are sharing to get back to new relationships.
Well, at this point we are far from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't realize with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about the cities is that they get a lot more than their cost of construction is.
So we could easily get to the world say, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just recognize it by the supply buildings for them.
Imagine that half of the ones that you want to live in applications are no longer protecting and that the other half of it is still happy to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make applications in all the existing buildings, right?
But you know that the problem that they face is that those buildings and the areas that are going to have rules to avoid the markets and the distribution of the building discovery.
So it would be very hard to do all those expressions.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new building building -- always and when the rules of that place is going to make the building instead of putting them out.
So I tried the governments to create new enough areas of big enough areas to keep cities and gave them a name -- cities under this.
And later I found out that more or less at the same time, John and Europe were thinking about the challenge of replaced Hollywood.
And they knew that every year about 75 hours were going to go out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could go and make those same things in Hollywood.
In the top of the summer of 200 Hollywoods went through a distributed crisis.
In the next couple of years, Peter Pole was involved by a platform in which I put reflections and at the same time.
And he asked him to be his generation of generation.
As long as I was trying to give you a talk in TED.
through a process of perfect, teaching and responsibility and a huge amount of problems with users -- trying to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and move all of the really important reports of applications.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need a lot of technologies as we were going to protect it, and it's usually the rules that are getting us to move up.
In the top of the 2010, a friend of Galapago sent up to Obama with TED.
And I showed him to Japan.
They call me.
They said, "We present this to the leaders of our country.
So in decision we got in Michael, in a room.
I tried to explain this point about the values that are the cities -- much more valuable than their mountain cost of mortality.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City -- they serve that, in some cases, there are thousands of dollars per day.
But it was a pretty amazing discovery and at some point, when there was a path, Oritiming said, "Man, maybe we could see the video of the Talk TED.
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a different city is a place where you start with a place where you start with terrible terrorists, which is a system that would get up there and a choice so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those areas.
So the president of Hollywoods called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country.
He asked me to go to Tesna and talk about the four percent of it.
So I came up with another talk full of data, which including a picture like this, which I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Delhi and the white line is the new attack that was built in Denmark.
It's only over about 100 miles a time.
So I was trying to convince the hospitals that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least about a hundred miles a day.
That's more than 100 species.
All the whole world applied together.
The audience of the audience were very serious and attention.
The leader of the content is coming up to the platform and said, "The Roman Rock, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have here in my computer."
So I felt and they showed the TED.
And this is what a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of thousands of miles to the North America.
And it also including new choices for the leaders too.
Because the leaders of the government of Hollywood would have help health countries -- they could benefit from the countries that will help them go up and make the rules of the system, so that they could all be able to be able to trust that the state is excited.
We went and saw a site of it.
This picture is there.
It could be able to get a thousand miles away.
And you know, the 12 percent of England, they fly in the Congo to take their construction and take a building device that allowed us to create these special regions of development here.
In a country that was just going to go through this danger crisis.
All of the particles, all the families in society -- they spend it.
In order to include in the Congress, you have to put two times in the Congo.
The 17 percent of the film was left in another view, from 1975 to one.
It was immediately after the vision, in the age of the 21st -- a 30-year-old device was to the two places in the world that are more interested in paying in the building of cities.
One of them is South South.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in North South of the South, is bigger than the center of Bang.
All you see there is built in four years, after they spent four years to get the pictures.
The other country interested in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, you've already built two cities in China and they're getting up for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site -- and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are putting a legal system that would allow us to come in, and the time it would allow us to use under an extreme system.
A country has already been able to allow her to.
There are organizations and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know that you've already heard that they have a good number of stores.
There are a lot of companies that would want to put in the America, especially in a place with an area of free computer, and there are a lot of people who would like to go out there.
In the world there are 100 million people who say that they would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year that comes from North America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go back to their family to go into a work, sometimes are a single mothers that have to win the money to just eat or buy role.
Only sometimes there are children who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen -- in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about the building of a new city in Hollywood?
Or will you build a dozen of these, or a focus of these around the world?
What does it seem to be to think about trying to do so that families can choose between several cities that are sharing to make new responsibilities?
This is an idea that is worth distance.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, "Thank you.
I'm Johnson, and this is my voice.
But before I'm going to show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public conclusion -- and it is that, I live with the bones.
I love to find -- survival, and more recently, to photograph and put up in my blog and put it up and put them up and do different and different for each of them.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my role is a second hand of markets and a number of hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand of hand allow me to reduce the impact of my gentleman in the environment and in my biology.
I got to know interesting people -- by the time my money goes to a good cause -- my aspect is unique -- and I will buy it to be my personal personal search for me.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my size?
Would I like the color?
Does it cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I have gone.
I went back to the subject of my voice, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get somebody who has all that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've brought seven parts of the inside room and nothing else.
Robert interview for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagine it would be able to find all the other thing that I would like to use after I got here to Paul Santashi.
And because I don't know as the woman who walked for TED in the entire room,  -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the points for this week.
doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, and not -- I have learned in this level of not to use new color.
Let's start with the doctor.
This is what I call it a big grandmother.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost be able to see for less than 50 dollars.
All the search, including the card, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Colonians, the color is energy.
It's almost pretty impossible to be hard -- when you're looking at a huge red red party.
If you're happy, you're going to take other happy people.
Mars, the interaction is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
I just know yourself.
If you go out of the right people, not only you understand you, you will be able to get you.
Microsoft, I love the child that you take inside in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be a game to the distances, or I remember to her little seven years.
I like to go to you and say, thank you.
Johnson, the trust is the key one.
If you think you look well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning for it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and extraordinary, there is no look at that you can't go back.
So there's no idea for no one of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A real universal truth for you, the language languages go with everything.
And finally, she said, "Designer, developing a very simple person and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week just because of what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little volunteer.
So before I go home, I am going to give it all.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to move up to these things, because at the back of the status, there will always be another crazy street, color and big beauty, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a represented of your brain that we can live in two parts.
The left side -- which is the local part and the right side, which is the intelligence part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of each hair, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely low.
So this would be someone who is totally interview.
So where would you take your brain in this scale?
Some of them were going to get up for one of these extraordinary things, but I think that for most of the insects of this audience -- your brain is something like this -- with a great device in both sides at the same time.
It's not that they are excited extraordinary.
You can be low-controlled and interview.
And I consider one of those people, that as most of the other chemical physical physics -- we need quite a lot of love to make these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interface? Well, we like to play with things.
We put it to play with them and then we see as a responsibility, and then we developed our interaction from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
It's a lot that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can sound a thing to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you're not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a strange bar.
It was a little kid and I didn't do it very well, it always goes up.
But I guess that the play with that piece of space taught him a little bit, and it's that the big things don't allow them to bring them up, and they stay in a place.
This is a great cognitive model that you can have in the world, except that you are a physical physics for you.
It would be a terrible model for a physical physics -- because they don't play with stages -- they play with these little parts of these little particles together.
And when they play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really rich -- as you can take walls -- or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these buildings.
At that point I found the physics a few years ago -- you needed the quantum memory to describe those little particles to describe those little particles for it.
But you don't need the need to describe the big objects that are going to give us every day.
That didn't work very well to my interview, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with parts of them.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a part of it.
But it didn't work well to my local part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles are still the first few of the quantum memory -- then I should not even follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could have a better way to show that a common object is also still the first quantum memory as well.
This is why a few years ago, I tried to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum memory support.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of the media.
That's the metaphor of me that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a good thing in the little metaphor of metaphor.
What we see is a little bit of metaphor, and it was a little bit of metaphor -- and it would be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new size of again, and I put all the big machines around 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to do this operation with a form of nature that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a analyze.
You know how much it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a village -- I do all sorts of things -- but then when other people come out of doing those things, because I don't want to get them out, or actually, you will go up.
The quantum memory says that the interview objects are being bought in the same way.
The journey of the travel objects are not just people, it's also the light that would take it up and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this metaphor to be made by quantum memory -- we would have to explore all the other patterns.
And that's what we did.
We stay down the lights -- then we put up a spirit and we went down to the air. And then we put it into a temperature of less than a group on the next one.
Now, by being just in the electronic, the small piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of trying to be perfectly like, I was looking at it, and the way I was looking at it was like a responsibility of this way -- as a state that is experienced and it comes in.
And when you give a self-confidence supermarket, we were able to get you to look at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanical language.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one is going to come and don't look at the same time.
So let's think about the atoms in them.
In a case, all of the tons of atoms that make that piece of metal are continuing and at the same time those same atoms are moving up to the top and for down.
It is just at the instrument of installation when those are additionally.
In the rest of time they are destroyed.
I mean that every time is in two different places at the same time, which is what it means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
I would see the penis to get up in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because you look at this, the difference in the scale between a single time and that metaphor of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that metaphor of metal and you.
And so if a single guy can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do?
I mean, it's my local part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you accept your knowledge if your body was designed in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we get it, and we got the lights and we look inside the box and we saw that the metal was still there in one piece of time.
And I could get to this new environment, all the objects in the electronics actually are quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
And you hear a lot about the quantum quantum mechanism that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It's that those connections to all of the things that you know, they literally define who you are, and that's the deep depression of quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is American.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work in Google -- until I read the idea of doing something related to museum and art.
It took me 18 months and I took 18 months old.
A lot of businesses and stories -- you know, with 17 very interesting women in new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the death.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think that my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education for a great education -- but I didn't have access to many of these women and work of art.
So when I started to travel and go to museum -- I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- trying to make the desire to make it more access to the technology.
So we made a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the day for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of their legacy.
So we just go to Google.
Look around the museum that we have.
It's the United States, the Mexico, the Million, the Roman, the God Gore.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorite -- the Medical museum of New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do classical and passion, we're already within the museum of the museum here.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bono or Michael, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and they go away.
Do you want to get out of the museum?
And we open up the top plant, and with one classroom, we go back into it.
They are inside that you want to go at the end of the path.
They go up into front of it.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Prince Prize in the Mexico.
I look at the next one.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it there.
look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art, you can do it right there, but I'm going to do it right now.
And this is one of the images that we've changed in what we call the global technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million phones.
And there are many people who ask me, and what do you get with 10,000 million phones?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million photos.
You can do it around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this girl -- your experience has no price of it.
But if you really want to do it.
So I started playing -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, a moment, this looks interesting.
And I found out that kids were actually playing something.
I got a little bit, I talked to some people from the Mexico, and I actually found out that this is a game called "the particular play, which is going to take a hair with a step with the back of California.
And when it was very popular in it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image -- so you can see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come up, a second.
So now we're going to go back to the Martin in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorite family, "The night state."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pieces?
And if you want to look at how do you look at this work in fact, I created this work show?
And it was a real thing to do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the grandmothers.
This is "The Nigeria statistics? I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "College."
All of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a market, that gives it the same.
You can be able to create their own museum -- to create their own color from all these images.
It's very simple -- you know, I've created this function that I call "The power of the bone, -- we just made a court around it.
This is "The Boston in the National Gandhi of London, at the National Galapa.
You can take things, send it to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you get these workers on them.
So in conclusion -- I think that for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google there.
No, in my view, they even don't come out of the women.
Maybe I should not say this.
In fact, they come from those artists come from those art.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media to do justice to his art of art.
And the great question that they do today is, you can do this to collect the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, you go back to all.
I have something to show you.
And you think it's a picture, a very very very wrong.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am a strange original, all of the kids in Israel grew up with this picture in the wall of his display, but the reason why I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last few decades.
And then a time ago, if you wanted to win a picture of Francisco one, he took a professor and put it into a good piece and a good car.
And if the car and the painting was good enough -- you would take the career up.
This is what it is, in engineering -- it would be called control system in real time.
It is a system that has two companies, a feeling and a survival.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to get into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electricity.
They're becoming computers to the free air.
And as you are, they are starting to respond in a different way, and they can be determined and accessible.
The cities is a big thing.
And as I was able to say that cities are just two percent of the color of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy, and to 80 percent of the CO2 economists.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities beyond the cities, all of these data and activity are getting into our everyday object.
This is from an exploration of Pakistan Alexander in the MIT, for the view.
It is called "The "Dad "Do "Man."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk about.
In a way, it is as if almost all of the things that are going to become sitting and activities.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a certain sense it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Alex.
You know, when Michael Alexander was saying that at the end of the Mountain, he said that at the end I took the market and he took it up to the Monterest -- you can still see a little meter -- and he said to me, "I was doing "the painting -- "I did not speak?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- in the idea of taking the environment and doing something.
Let's start with the democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a look at the sea of 200 percent.
It was the year in which Islam won the world.
Maybe some of you remember it -- they were going to go up with Italy and Africa, and at the end of the end he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Angeles Gandhi.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You look at the County in the middle and the Earth.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the top of the surface.
On the last end there are people here and there is called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called
And it starts the particle, simple.
He was Google Gandhi.
In the point, people do a quick call and go to the battery.
Second time.
The first time, a second time.
Zimbab, and at a moment, the head.
Game Anderson: Yeah.
That night they were all going to bring it into the center.
There you see the big floor.
On the next day they all went to the center of the team of the team and the first mission of it.
And then all the way all over the world.
You see the picture of the place called Chinese Malay called Carolina, from the time, the people are going to change -- it's a big fish, you can see the weight at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the place of the city in a way that we could not do just a few years ago.
Another example of designer, it's not about people, but of things that we use and control.
Today, we know all about the process of our object.
This is a map that shows all of the kids that make a Marine, how you get up.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small stars to take the based on the space of the system.
And we started with a few games that helped us in seven more than a year ago, and they were looking at what they were doing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are going to be able to be distributed.
And then we put them a little chimpanzee, a stage, to the back and then we started looking at it.
These are the results of it.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many insects in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They're going on complex things, and there is a lot of conservative transformation.
But the other thing that we think is that if you look at all the days that the challenge that we draw not destroyed, which is still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic plastic that we take a day still still still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can be able to be able to be able to make some of the conservation change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, I could tell you a lot more about democracy and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned to the beginning, which is to do about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zellow.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came up and said to us, and the South Europe has a beautiful tradition of the use of the water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT -- in a tail, it was imagine that they have a heart and a value, virtues of soldiers that are open and clear.
It was created as a water, with water.
If you go up in the islands you can write in them, I would show you patterns -- you can show you, you know, texts.
And when you get up, the car will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We present this to the Brown Bang.
They like a lot of it.
And you get a combination to design the building in the experiment of the Explane.
We call it the Department of the Detroit.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors -- but when you go up to be open up so you can go out.
The fear is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to look at the supports, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture.
Those days there will always be somebody in the invention -- when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Disappear the building building."
No, it's not that they have disconnected, but when it goes down almost all the architecture.
Here is in work.
You see the people involved in what happens inside it.
And here I am myself trying to try to be able to try to try and try to try to test the water.
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all of the feelings stopped to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zambia came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be used to go on, but a building that was going to be doing corners and water holes and you had to go up to not move up.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as artists -- you know, designers, designers we always think about the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always present.
And this is the beauty of doing things to interact with.
This is a picture of the building with physical ignorance.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
So imagine that those pictures could start to fly up.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air and that each one had a little short thing that changes of color as if it was a cloud that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with each other at all.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of financial screen like this with a normal conclusion in two diagrams.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions that what change is light -- not the position of the phenomenon.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going to come in different scale.
And then all of that could be a picture of photos in 3D to the one that you can get together, and you can see, and you can see from very different electrons.
This is the real control control, going down to form a Vietnam -- like before.
When you look at the light -- you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have each end with a state that comes from people from people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Book "Bench on the best balloon balls of today, the stars of the New York City and from the Millimeter, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a control for the Francisco.
So here we can see Robert bad.
On the left you see the pictures, the capital in different solutions.
It is so much distance distance in real time as a movement.
You can find out all the movement.
You can remember all the way.
And once we have the photos we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the corruption and the relationship.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It is something for the Gore Operations of London, in London, in London, of London Laws.
It's called the North.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could be able to get people to do something and change our environment -- as a critical crisis, like the top of the grand, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make them a little bit a little bit for a shot.
And I think that what's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We have digital everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- we can go out of the digital world -- we can move out of the digital world, the power of the networks -- the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol to me.
That means something built in a city.
But then it can be to bring up the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 economists how to go from the digital world to the physical world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together.
The corner is a corner, again, made in the same way that the real government is a particular career.
And those particles are water, while in our corner are fear.
It is a physical structure in London, but I got out of photos.
You can move on the inside and have different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the U.S. Galagators and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physical charge of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London, like a new one.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital way on the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the sky.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are, right?
I guess that I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- you could improve the memory -- for a more successful and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be more forces, to have more representation.
Would you like to be more active and security of themselves.
So what about a good health.
Or maybe they are about those people who always wanted to be more creative here.
What are you going to do it?
What would you like to do if you could be able to choose something.
(Music Australia? Creativity.
How many people will get creativity?
They look at your hand. Let me see.
We probably had the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will get the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little bit less.
What about the leadership?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a medical thing.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe is it possible.
The evolution has been a person here in the TED conference but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor about the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED, Christian Chinese, who would have been able to put in the Alexander Alexander Randoel, wrote a trick called "No in biology makes sense on the light of the Evaluation."
But if you actually get the biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future of the future, or the future of the future.
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this rock, well in an end -- is, of course, the most interested in.
We give out of a common argument with modern kids about six or eight million years ago.
In the inside there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospitals.
Some of you have gone around and go.
We have been here about 100,000 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of the life of life, but in fact, in the most basic material of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can take up and control the material of a common bacteria to produce the protect of human industry that is used to treat diagram?
This is not like the human inspiration -- but it's the same process, which is the same production, which comes out of the stages.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I think about the particular particle, you think about the bacteria?
This is a wonderful environment.
It's climate, dark -- it's very advertising.
And we're going to give them all the numbers that you can want no effort of their parts.
It really is like a quick way for the bacteria with the surrounding of some forms on the survival.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to design the social numbers, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future tell us?
Are we in kind of a sort of evolutionary balance as a species of experience?
Or do you have to become a different thing to become a different thing, something better than the environment?
So in this signal signal of the universe -- life in Earth is like a bottom beauty, the animal rest -- like a single and only human life, and the human life, a little name of thank you.
That's us.
And it was also the entire part of this talk so I hope that they have been wrong.
When it comes to the University I had my first kind of biological biology.
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of the biology.
I love from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life -- in the clinical organisms -- every cell of the cell is just distributed and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought to the two young cells.
But when you look at the climate organisms -- things start to change.
It comes into the sex spirit.
And something very important -- with the application of the sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes a present.
In fact, you could say that the death of the death of the body in evolution at the same moment of sexual report.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought when I was a college student I thought, well, sexual death -- it looks pretty nice at that time, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more any more.
I came to understand the feeling of George Brown, who still had been done in the Vietnam Venses in his 90 years.
And one night somebody would go back to his horizontal door of home.
He open the door on it.
And then he found it a lot of a collection of robotics.
I looked at it and he says, "You see a secret of sex."
"It's good, he says George, "I choose the support."
I realized -- as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily different.
I was trying to protect the body.
I wanted you to get care of them.
I wanted to collect health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to happen to the next generation to the next generation of the next generation and supported the generation after generation as well.
From a point of view.
And I think we all understand the feeling that we were looking at William All when he said, "I don't want to get the intelligence through my work.
I want to do it not distance."
The evolution doesn't necessarily go to the legacy.
It doesn't necessarily go to the largest or the most strong or the faster and not even the most smart one.
The favorite evolution to the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the ocean bacteria that can survive the heat of the professionals that will be, if there were fish there, fish to the volunteer, yet you've been able to do that a general environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look at it, to the next one, I would say there are lots of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolution.
We've got a kind of stranger.
And the surrounding approach would be that through medicine -- in the first place, we've been able to pay a lot of genes that in other way would have been disappeared and explored from the population.
And second, as a species -- we have made our environment, so that we get our environment to us as well as we love it.
And by the way, we call, and we are going to get so much that it's no longer possible to have the importance that we need to get the evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional guy.
And the argument here would be, that the oceans of evolution are going to come up, but they're incredible.
And in the secret in the spirituality, when we sort of we create different planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an amazing possibility and intelligent and attractive.
And the new negotiation, the new evolution -- which is not just nature, but computer and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we will take in.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions of their destruction.
In some culture, they're getting more valuable than women.
It's not really good for society for society, but it's what it comes to individual and family.
Think about that if it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their democracy, but in their own body to make the genetic advantages to cut or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to avoid the dynamic or the Alexander or reduce the risk of cancer or engage the color?
Don't they want to do those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human George project started in 1990, and I took 12 years.
It costs 200 million dollars.
At the next year of having ended up, in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3,000 billion parts of the human genome to a cost to the 2000s and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome make the human genome for 40,000 and being more and more at the end of everything.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human industry in bacteria can make us virus that are not just going to protect us from them, but they are going to be able to make the community against other view.
Creation or there is not an experience in course with the vaccine against the curious information in the cells of a plant plant in the cells.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
So imagine then only two little change.
Can you change the cells of their body, but if you could change the cells of their designer?
And if you were able to change the waiting and the values, or you can change the village and you can change your kids a better opportunity of a higher life -- to avoid the diagram, to take the market, reduce the risk of cancer.
Who don't want children to do something?
And then, that same animal technology, that same movement of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Why don't you have the engineers of a Kenya Japan on all if you could put it up with the next generation of the Galapago machine.
Why don't you have a little bit more fast than it allows us to run faster and more discussion?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be incredible.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can add the nurses that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the technology.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 years old, and we can use it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren -- or the kids of their grandmothers, they're going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society.
Or are we going to pick up a lot of different challenges that we want for some of us to do for some of us, but not for the other ones for it?
Are we going to build a society that is more strange and more unique and more relatively completely?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to get in.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to get the wisdom to take the subject to take these decisions on the subjects?
So for good or bad -- and before I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are about 100 feet old.
If you imagine a piece of humanity.
If you imagine a movement doing classical, you know, classic.
Of course, classroom, classroom. It sounds attractive.
Well, I had a single point that day, I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only one that I could talk to you with the short shortcomes.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably took some airplanes."
He had already seen the plane -- and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
This is the airplane with the Higgs Rock.
This is not the room.
It stays out the motors.
Imagine to be in a plane and without record.
And then he said three words ...
The three most exciting words I've heard of.
He said, "Do you think about the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the short sea.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was true. The life was done.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a instrument.
We have this list of things to do before I die -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the things that I wanted to replace, all the experience I've wanted to have and I never had to.
As I thought about that, I was going to get a film, which is "Learning a bad bookstore?
Because if the vision is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that profession, that purpose has actually changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we looked at the George George War, who didn't get a lot -- I thought about a lot -- I was really feeling a great speed.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and I have been trying to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gives me a place to my power.
And then the time that I would think about things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a middle in that, I decided to avoid the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years, I have not had a piece with my wife with me.
It feels great.
I don't try to have a reason -- I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental read is going to say, "12, 15, 12.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Why are you saying, "Why do you see it."
I don't want this to go up in 20 pieces as you see in those doctors.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of it, weight, will die not feeling.
It's almost like we've been paying for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that tribe is based on a single thought, which is, just I wish one thing.
I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artists -- so -- --  --                                             And
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood when I connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a military, not to die that day.
And I became another record, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are looking at them today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing is going on in their plane -- and please not be like this -- but you know, and how would they change to it?
What is what they would do, you still expect to do because they think they are going to live for forever.
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that can you?
Thank you.
I've certainly been based on life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphs of the 1960s.
One day came back to his house after I came back and said, "Do I feel a car in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the East.
And today TED has a total participation.
You can only use your eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and analysis so that obviously, the graph is something that we would look at and we respond in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to go back to Tairount, TED, and to his cause of it.
So I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We are going to give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his sister said, "I want to be able to be able to talk to Tim again.
I just want to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second is not that -- I saw Steve Hall, not that all of the people who can communicate through those authors?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good dream you can't actually do it.
These devices are not available for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does anybody look at the film and the marketing and the marketing."
They communicate in that way, they are going to get up with the day.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I thought about the wish of trying to get a charge and instead of that it would take a character that had no idea of how I was going to go back.
I bought you with his brother and his father there at that moment and his father there at that moment in the moment, and so this is the treatment -- he's going to talk about, we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's rich that somebody who has so much in their inside can't be able to communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greek "Green Republican Republican -- which has a technology that allows them to create a light in any surface and then with a red point -- they draw about that and take the negative space.
So they go out there by making art settlements like this.
All of the things you see, they say, are part of a life of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organs -- then with the bad words, then with the attacks to the Bangladesh and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a piece of life in his prisoners.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things in one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we took the door of the safe companies and we get a machine to be able to communicate -- a machine like Steve Handich.
Which was great.
And yet, it's the most fun thing -- I call it because when I talk to the guy you get an electrical email of him, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the way all the way all the way out of the planet in the planet.
My wife and the kids and me, we moved into the back of the back and these hairs and protection and statistics and antibiotics took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely specific and that when we were going to get up the particles of the walls and in their place there would be grandmother.
But for two weeks ago, we went to the March Manhattan state, and my son was part of me, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Earth (Minister and you can see the destruction.
These are a couple of pictures of red sun that we buy in the top of Vietnam British, some of the corruption of Hollywood and things from Google Department and Rose Santa.
We took a Paulo camera -- we open it up on a light light and now there is a device that is free -- and I built yourself -- we built the free code -- the software is based on a free way.
And we created a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There is no safe company to say no.
There is no hospital that can say no.
Any person with particles today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was important.
So at the end of the two weeks we come back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all this curve and strange during the big institution.
And after one year of a year -- two weeks of planet, two weeks from all night, he came back with the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We put it down the way you could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the home.
And he came back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and I would imagine what the feeling was in the space.
The great thing was that we had to go into the space so that we feel like we were going to be able to take the graph as well.
And at the end of this he gave us an electrical room, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came back and came back to me and he would get me out there so that I could be able to replace it.
Is it not wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what makes us in movement -- developing us.
And we have a long way to recognize with this.
It's a general device -- but it's the equivalent of a Maltema March.
Some of us with this critical potential looks much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to make it and make it faster and reduction.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've got a lot of prisons.
remember, it's fantastic, none of us is making money with this.
All of our own books.
The prisons were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
And it turns out something about us and then in decision, the Tim Times came up as one of the 50 better invention in 2010, and it was really great.
And the best thing about all of this -- and this is what I end up to close the client, is that in the top of this year in the General General in the center of the Laws is going to be an expression called "The States in the States."
And art in the streets is going to have the best experiments of the urban open art -- School Francisco, Chilenes, all are going to be there.
TV is going to be in the stage which is quite important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to make it possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- star, the computer, the microscope, the Stanford, nothing was possible at some point.
It makes it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with the opportunity technology -- I just recognize something and made me with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we have to do with something that we have to do -- if it's not now, what?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years working in very difficult situation and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the principle, hard.
I worked in a mine of carbon cardio.
It was in the war areas of war, hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a big part of my career I've been supposed to be supported with the only goal with the only goal of trying to try to try social issues in ways that are going to come in, interesting, and so on, you can find them in a way that you can see and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TED about the world of the markets and the plastic wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard about it, or no, a couple of weeks ago I went up in Ed.
And I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- some of the rights of the name of the name of my TED TED.
What was the next thing -- "The National National Prince, my TED Prize, my TED Prize that you have no idea what it is about and continuing it could be able to explain in the face -- especially if I put it in risk to you.
But he said this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters?
A lot.
This is a bit of a programmer, by the way.
So even with that save I knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of it.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell you about carbon.
But in the new end that I'm working on, we started the world of the market, of the population.
And as I said before I said, I have been sitting in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could ask me, nothing so hard or as dangerous as to go into the room with these guy.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Manhattan Super, I want to make a film that comes out of the products of products -- the magic and the politics, and that all the end is finally financial in terms of products and marketing and population.
The film is going to call "The largest movie even the biggest events."
What happens in "The biggest movie in the largest event -- is that everything on top of the bottom in the end of the end -- it has images of market, all the time, from the assembly that comes before the team, the X-ray taken.
Now this market, Christian Stanford, the South Search.
These people are going to be able to go down to the picture to personality for it.
And so the film explained all this idea -- "Man Katrina, is ready? (Audience: It's ready?
I'm a recently. (Audience: I just say it -- it was more for factors.
It was "Disease?
But we're not just going to have the paradigm of the X X-ray in the team, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we can be able to take all the colleagues that we can in the end.
Maybe we look at a street and it becomes the most great step that you've used to.
The most great car that you have done in "The largest movie in the largest event -- the best piece that you have been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been being being being being being being being seen?
James Karl: The idea is then just to show the markets as part of life, to make them end the film?
The goal of the whole film is transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film here.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, the beginning of the end of the end.
And I would love you to help me make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's great because it is the first time I hear that -- it's the main answer for the audience.
Good, I don't know how powerful it is going to be people to that.
Ladies -- you have a perspective -- I don't know if "It is very negative, but you know how it is going to reproduce? (Audience: No idea? David Columbia: How much money does it make to do this?
MT: A million and a half -- Japanese, John Katrina, I think it's going to be hard with them, but that no one is going to be worth to convince a couple of big balls.
JC: Who knows maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of advantage for a lot of advantage.
MT: What do you think it's going to be the answer to be.
San Roman, most of the answer will be "No."
MT: But it will be hard to sell it, by the end or to be me?
JS: These things.
MT: -- it means you're not very application.
So help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MT: All right. (Audience: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what you do.
MT: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MT: I thought that "the camera was meaning that we have a conversation out of microbes.
It starts the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film."
MT: And so it was one for one, all of these representation companies decided.
And no one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very important. I thought that the concept of the population, was to introduce the product to so many people as possible -- making so many people see it as possible.
So especially in the world today is this interest of new media and old media and the stage of the media and the stage of the sixth signs, is not the idea to tell that new version of attention that is going to take the message to the magnetics?
No, that's what I think.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a blood response and that free was this.
Actually, there was not such a mistake.
There was no responsibility at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture is.
You see, when you look for images of transportation in Google --        -- this is one of the first images that they do.
And I like your way to break up, Seattle Britain. No.
So this was the problem -- the transportation of similar or entrepreneur, and it was easy for similar or excited, and it was easy to see -- that it takes up by the diversity or activity of information, about all of the business, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians the name -- the pressure of the name -- even the Nigerian names.
But suddenly when you try to make it really something changing something changed it.
But why is that? Well, the traditional day --  -- like that blue support that still still goes up.
It's --                                                                    
And it's also very relatively.
What other thing is a really really straight?
It will eat an entire reason from North Walk.
That's very relatively.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want them to do a complete story.
We want a story to tell you a story, but you know the story of history."
You see, when I was a child and my father I took me up in some leadership -- and there he is looking at it as I used to do it, and he said, "Oh, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an airplane want to help -- and that's just because I knew John Boston and Richard King of many years, I realized that I would have to go through my own. I would have to go to the inside and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to get out of suddenly -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to connect with companies the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big movies -- huge grandmothers, and others that make small movies -- individuals like me.
And my friends who are doing a large movie molecules -- grandmother, they say that the reason their movies have so much success that they have to be used to the subjects that they have.
And then my friends who are doing individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, big films of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest movie even selling the biggest emission.
How are we going to see special in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Bang Bang.
At any moment for an interview with someone can say are you good for this interview?
Are you seeing? You see you a little bit.
I want to help you have to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there you offer one of these favorite climbers.
So so much "disaster "Disease like "Lover "Pennis are going to have his opportunity.
So we're going to have so much for man as a woman as a woman -- support, to balloon, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a picture of it.
Kanara Francisco, we're a little market.
And I similar to the kind of smaller movie that I said, we are more good at a rich market.
So we don't have the question that they have other markets.
So do things like this, you know, you know, you know, you can remember the reason for people to be interested in.
MT: What words used to describe Bangladesh."
Bang is in white time.
KB: That's a great question.
Man: technology.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the airport.
Man: So let's talk about something like this, free.
I think "I would "Archive is a great word that I really put to this capacity in positive view and super surgeon."
You get free.
How do you give you a little bit more time -- with better article.
And things like those people who have the benefits of the benefits of them.
MT: And that's a moral company.
What about me, what about a common guy.
I need to talk to you to the streets of the street, to the people like me, to the common Parks.
They have to talk about my market.
MT: How do you define your market?
Man: Month my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
woman, I would go back to the 80 percent pollution at least that it will be day to leave.
MT: Okay, what is the Greek Galaxia?
General?
I like a lot of the dark colors and a lot of things like that.
And by the time I get access as a sun screens, or I like the single sites and the simple.
Woman: If you want to be a market that could be a climate consequence compared, Martin Bell.
man.
woman.
man.
You can see games in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector, that's my market.
Man: My market is Finance because I get the market.
man.
Is that that?
And I am a blood balloon.
Tom, I'm Talk.
MT: Well, we can not be able to be a Mall Tasman, but often I got up in the interest of "Mornol "Disability and "cost "cost "cost."
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help understand what you call the marketing personality."
And I found a company called Columbia Zellow in Park.
They were helping companies like New States, France, Harvard to figure out that particular perspective.
If you could do it for them, you could just do it for me.
Are I grateful, right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: How much is a little bit how it was related to your thinking.
MT: These people model my way to see the world.
A: How much of that world.
MT: That world -- I think that your world is the world that you live in, like the people who will you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place and start in my case and start in my family, in the West Virgin.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about.
MT: The next one is the best day of my life.
A: How do you relationship this with your thought, feeling and your way to be able?
MT: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like that. I like the right things.
A: How much of what do we look like?
What's the machine?
Why is it important to record? What does the red mean?
So you know, a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
So what else have you had had?
And it has to have been done. What kind of money are you?
MT: Right? No, thank you.
A: Thank you.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linux Zero, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complexity, in your participation personality, the Martin March March is a conservation market.
They get very well together.
And I think there is almost a paradigm in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature to avoid the things that are not safe -- they get the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give them a little bit and make it become a positive thing for you, and it is able to see that.
What else are you like this?
The first here is the clinic, Alexander.
And you can see here also here to Tanzania, William, Million College and James.
Now there are no laws and content stars, those things that have gone and come out and come out and come up with a pretty powerful market.
MT: A contrast career. What's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of market, your personality personality, what would it be?
Are you a starting attack? Are you somebody who makes the blood strength?
Or are you more well a distance distance?
It's a little bit more called, record, consumers?
And the advertising advertisements are like to be free to be free like Princeton, controlled, analysis, and support like Len Francisco, fast or biological, printer, doctor, marketing or mathematical or mathematics.
Or are you more well about the darkness?
Are you aware of you, supporting like 1947.
You're starting, traditional protection, protecting you with "Earth?
You are consciousness, statistics, family, security, survival, support, contrast or knew -- like David Day or England?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and the decisions, that they said "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control about the final product.
It allowed us to tell us the story of the neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this film of how now use the magic school to identify the center of the wish in the brain so much of the complexity in the bottom as a control.
We went to San Paul where they have provided the population to the free air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no values, there are no corals, there are no voices, nothing.
And we went to stars in which companies are doing the way in schools with food problems in the U.S.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects that I have had the biggest answer or where I've had more successful are those people than I've been interested in right now.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went back to the interviews, they took their antibiotics, and they said maybe these animals don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to change the way we look at the world.
And how does it come to you? They had success?
Well, since the movie is going to be in the French of Steve, let's take a look at it.
And the movie is going to be in English, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million implications in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half ago.
That's just online -- and it's not the principle.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online, it's not at all.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
First of all, this film has already started to make a picture.
And it's not bad because of almost all the things that we talked to you at the same ones that we were talking to their customers will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you go back, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go back to the people of that that are starting to the failure of it.
I think that when you go into your employees in the risk of the risk is paying all his company to get out of responsibility.
I feel that what has to happen to come to do is that we have to figure out the people to get up.
We have to figure out the people who don't have fear of the opportunities that can help them.
First of all, I think we have to give it a place to fear it.
We have to put that thing into a ball.
We open the fear. We open the risk up.
In a course to the time, we have to move the risk up.
And in fact, we have to be able to be able to be able to deal with the transportation.
Now more than a little bit of honor is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with horrible and transportation, all of my talk "We "do "The Transformative "design has been prepared by my good friends of EB who were for 140 percent of the name of the name in Edual.
ED: becoming great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
Excellence present "The Transition."
Thank you very much.
John Columbia? So, March, in the name of the transformation that happened exactly with those 1970s.
MT: It's an emotional question.
In my book I have a character in the name of the TED organization, the Foundation School, a story for 175 to be apply to my attribute for the next year.
The idea behind the South South United States is actually very simple.
We don't want me to get the nuclear book.
His biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the entrepreneurs of United States in Nick.
The green box you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to buy these systems that control speed and values -- we can cause a lot of problems with control.
The grandmother box don't use Social software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective virus on Wilson in a political organization used by an engineers to make this open box -- then we are ready here.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a William American.
You know, you get the subject to the grandmother box -- and the nuclear program is going to be destroyed, and it's a mind missing.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about six months ago, the purpose was completely desperately.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex at the part of Williams, the installation used many collective very distant collective.
It seemed to be able to do something with these grandmother box systems.
That called us the attention. And we started an experiment in which we interact our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
So there was very strange things.
Star was bought like a lab of the lab that he didn't like our country, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different sides of task, I realized -- and I thought, and I thought, and this is a distance attack.
It's completely diagnose."
And the institution is looking at the green box if I find a specific conclusion -- and even if the program that's trying to influence is essentially working in that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the object."
It could be, let's say for example, an entire energy plant of the United States, or a chemical plant in Alexander.
And better that we would find out the object right now.
So we went back and determined the airplane, and we found out that I was structure in two digital books, a little and a big one.
And we also saw that they were very likely to be very likely for people who obviously had the entire information.
They know all the points that I would take up.
They probably even know how much they do the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that Stanford in Stanford is complex and high technology -- let me tell you that it's very complex to it.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this automobile code here.
We are talking about about 15 lines of code in the world.
It looks pretty much to the old self-consumption language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code for them.
What we found in the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at terrorists and data structures and we tried to bring them up with the real world, with objects of the real world.
We need theory about details that we can be able to be able to be able to do or determine.
In order to come to theory, we remember that it is definitely a virtual strategy. It must be a virtual white -- and it's still surrounding in Iraq because it's where most of the influence has been represented.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes down to the nuclear energy plant of Bono and to the entire plant of Nigeria.
And so I said to my arm, "I have a list of all of the experts in control and energy plants between our clients."
They call them and focus on an effort to play their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to make the little digital language with the control of the room.
The color is that mobile part in the control, that black object you see.
If you get the speed of this room, you can certainly get it up and even make the control explore.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and go into an effective object to go back to the self-confidence engineers -- so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
So we're trying to figure out the big digital advantage by looking at the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 1974 is in that code -- you can't forget it.
And I started to make a scientific little science about how these corners are built in Nick and found that they are structures in what is called a spinal, and every cell has 17 centers.
That was sense, there was a consequence.
And it got better even better.
And these scientists in Iraq are distributed in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the airplane of attack?
A almost important structure.
So again, that was a good consequence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there are no markets, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
And we had been done in streets without happening and we had to go back to start again.
Even so, we found that both of these digital sands went up to one and the same thing, but from different electrons.
And the little sand is taking a shoe, and making the robots and they get them up, and the big ocean is communicate with six sides and manipulating virus.
We are very excited that we have figured out what's the distance.
It's Nick, and it's just Nick.
We don't have to worry about other objects are advanced by Stanford.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw me.
There is the grandmother box -- and you see the corners.
What this thing is doing is to try to try to try to get the values in the sector for example, for example, from the pressure of pressure and present code -- which has still come up during the attack -- with some data data.
And it turns out or not, these data data are prepared by Stanford.
It's kind of like in the Hollywood molecules where it was in the robot, the security camera food of the secret food.
Is it great that?
The idea here is obviously not just going to go back to the operations in the control of control.
It's really much more dangerous and advertising.
The idea is to take a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human ocean could not act quickly.
For example, in an energy plant -- when the great amount of value is going on activity, you have to open up in a military view.
And obviously this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are compared, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And I don't have the opportunities and the security system.
That supported that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This approach is general.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with controllers, with construction content.
It could work also for example, for example, in an energy plant or in a continuing face.
It's general.
And you don't have a stage -- which is going to design this care with a U.S. tree, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use control technology to be able to do it.
The most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a mass of massive development.
That's the consequences that we need to do.
Unfortunately, the largest number of objects for the attacks is not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle States.
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are spaces with great goals.
We have to face the consequences and better that we start to try now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Robert, it has been public in many sides that people are supposed to be the main energy behind this.
What's your opportunity?
Robert Lester, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that the Muslim is involved in, but the movement is not Israel.
The movement behind this is the child support.
There is one single one, and this is the United States -- forced, formed.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even bigger than our problems.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Roman.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take up and give you a solar skills or another one that makes us use of radiation streets and they go back and go back.
In British Boys we call these robots -- expensive.
They are nothing different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a great force -- that you can just increase his speed and help him, for example, to make the balance.
It's actually the real interaction of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can try and connect it up with the universe and with each other with each other extra.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on by talking about the American soldiers that, in average, it has to take on their space a 45-year-old career -- and it's going to become even more team.
Of course, this leads to some important companies -- records in the back.
We decided to get this challenge and create a strange that could help us make the thing.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Park Chilebber Chilebbergs Chinese.
So support, with the HIV experiment I can put up 90 miles per day for a lot of hours.
His favorite design -- allows you to put up in the streets to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a great adventure.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I put my force and my responsibility.
Totopase Berkeley? We're ready with our industrial society, to produce this device -- this new experiment, this year.
So it's a reality.
We go back and look at it up to the use of streets of radiation -- about what I feel particularly specialized.
There are 18 million people who are able to get up in the roofs of risks, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is actually a really built cartoon.
So let's talk about something that happens with friend, very young people -- people very young people in the version of the view that when they start their life -- to the 20 or 40 years -- and they have a dog and the street street it turns out to be their only choice.
And we also talk about the population that you think it is very quickly.
His only choice.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful success -- as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new cause of motivation.
So let me introduce you the EPA that is using London Berkeley who was using 19 years ago, and I had a meeting in the victim color, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 12 years, until now.
Let me. Thank you.
RG: And it's all using our EPA, which I think.
It has a few senses.
It completely didn't get up in the monkeys that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
And there are a few bacteria that give them energy to the motors in the face, and in the rooms, and they do it with this surrounding surgeon and very nature.
PM: I was 24 years at the top of my life when I was in the air.
In a second, I lost all feeling of feeling and everything in the painting towards the down.
A little time later, a doctor went to my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Look, never going back to walking out.
That happened 12 years ago.
And so I came up to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay down in schools, and it will even move up in your hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
E: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the plants to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to future future future -- not just solar -- but at all, and all the use of clouds of radiation to all.
PM: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human society.
This is a place where women have the bank, they pay sex to say, and the game is the order of the day -- where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the factory of the Gulf or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their own people.
So this is the world of the sea balls of Congress of Congo.
The bones are, together with the chimpanzees, their living living lives.
That means that we all share a common antibiotics, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, kids are known by their activity.
But unfortunately, we have done too much.
But babies show us the other side of the mountain.
And as kids are distinctive by big types -- attention, social society.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very useful society where the moral violence is still not looking at it.
But by the way, bees are the less understanding of the big symptoms of the big situation.
They live in the design of the collection -- and it's been very hard to study them.
The content is a participation -- a land of extraordinary biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the same thing, a virtual conflict that has been produced by decades and caused almost as much death as the first World War war.
It is not to pull out that this device also puts up the surface of the blood.
And the company of career and definition do that you can't pick up or a study with the bones that are in the world, and huge, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and causes you can hear the risk of the trees.
Who are these primates?
We know them like symptoms do love -- not the war -- because they have sexual sex and basis to make conditions and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life life is more than Karl Super.
The books, like humans -- you love to play over their entire life.
It's not just a game of children.
So for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make victims and to make the television.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game is increase creativity and resistance, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior diversity -- diversity of connections of connections.
And when you look at the blood game that you see the evolution of the risk of the river, the David and the human.
The game is the price that you get on.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of different video videos in the site of the site.
First of all, it's a piece of balloon stranger player, and I don't talk about fluid.
So here we have a men and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the fracture, it has a painting of the paintings."
I just believe that in this case to he love him, right?
Yeah.
So the sex game is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because this video is really interesting because I show this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of making an unusual elements in the game -- and also how the game requires trust and photography -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can take a lot of ways -- some of which are more useful -- if you are more transportation, you know, maybe the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see -- this is Francisco, a young man, which is playing with water.
I think that, as she said, sometimes we play all of us -- and we explore the limits of our inside and outside world.
And it is that collective culture that we care about exploring, to interact with it, and then the controlled connections that we form are the real secret of creativity that we are the real signal.
These are just little shows of the understanding that the balls give us from our past, and present us.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to apply to a more difficult world and more difficult and more complexity.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capacity.
In other words, the game is our application of advertising.
In order to get success to a world that we change we have to play.
But we're going to go to the matter of our game capacity?
The game is not fantastic.
The game is essential for it.
For government and humans, life is not just close and speed.
When it looks like the less powerful thing to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most original thing.
And by that, you buy prison, we accept this record of evolution and we play together as we find creativity -- the food and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York I am a development of an organization without a fingertips called Robert Homo.
When I'm not using the poverty, you put them together as a piece of paper in a body of a flying body.
And in our city, where the games are moving to a highly capitalized personal person, you have to get to the site of a very soon interview to go into action.
I remember my first interview.
I was the second fly in the site -- so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still a car to foot against the other ones to get to the catastrophe and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capacity, I was based on a conversation with the prison that no one would come up with one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the plant night -- she was standing out of the table, under a park, in passion, driver, while his house was in called the car.
The other fly that I had just got before I was going to get before I -- we call Lester Lesterly.  He came up to the capacity and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the home.
The dog." I was so clear."
So there was a blood or money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building to save a living being just because I got for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The paper made me a generation.
He said, "Look, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go up, and it takes the fire to this woman a couple of stations."
It takes it.
It was not exactly what I expected but I went out of the scales, at the end of the past, and I went to the really the really or less or less they had ended up to take the fire and go into the main room for a couple of steps.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
And I took my head back through the scale where I met my Teslam and the oil price in the main door of the main door in the main door of it.
We went out of the house of the house of the house where it was to wait to wait -- his teacher got a lot more attention than the me.
A few weeks later, I got a heart of the face of the home by getting up by the energy effort to save their house.
The authority that she looked at about the other thing was that somebody had got a couple of steps.
And so much in my view in Robert Hollywood as in my view as a flying book as an act of generation and antibiotics in a moral scale but also of the thank you, and it was also in the individual level.
And you know what have I learned ...
It all has their importance for it.
So when I look at this room to people who have done -- or they are to achieve -- and they are going to be able to remind me this: don't wait for it.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give them right now.
They go food in a food -- they would start a piece of the number.
They are mental people.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game -- you see the steps.
Thank you.
British Girl: Mary, Mars, March.
Mars British? Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I'm a great attack of the control of the contrast.
The first ones of consequence were made in 1875 with a very simple idea -- a very simple idea of a huge half that they fit between each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things that us, as buildings or gentlemen, a blood at time.
And essentially these galaxies have become the platforms of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1979, to LED was happening.
It was called autonomous surrounding card.
And in a few years, the LED cars came to all the home.
And it has been made more than 400 billion or 75 dollars per person in the planet.
You don't have to be an engineering to build beautiful, buildings or home.
Lesson made it accessible.
Less I just add the collection of it, the family in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our image.
So as long as it is, exactly that same year, in the British lab -- the next revolution was about to analyze, the new building of building building.
The transition was a little plastic of plastic that would take us from a world of the American streets on a world where it was all interesting.
In the same one that the control block, the transition allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex to the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transition was just for experts for it.
I probably don't accept it, that the building of the building of our time are recorded to the experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East -- I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands.
A few years ago, I started to develop Liberians.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberians are electricity every one with a specific future.
They are ready to be light, sound and security and sectors.
And the best thing of everything is that they are going to go through the shortest.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The legs have a color code for them.
The green is the survey, the blue is the corner, the river is the contrast and the non-problem color is the balloon.
So you just have to look at a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of greater cells.
One blue with a green produce light.
We can put a mouse in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the boat for a pollution of public, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We took this ship to create more impact and we have a record machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game in the simple game.
Instead of having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be using very simple.
In order to make a little bit faster or smaller or more lower, you just take this box that makes the policy faster or more lower.
The idea behind Liberian is that it is a growing culture.
We want all of the interested in the world to go back into the world stars to use.
And you know, sounds -- solar, the solar paintings, it must be accessible.
We've given kids to the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in school.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a stage gets open up, or how an idea respond to the team.
We've also taken literatures to design.
So for example, the designers without some of the things that you start to play with literatures like a material problem.
So here you can see, with paper balls and film, we have George creative.
(Man storyteller."  A few weeks ago.  A few weeks ago we took the designers of the design of Red Sterness, which you don't have some of them in engineering -- just in card, model and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that have done -- a cause of conservation activity per movement.
But you know, here's my favorite project.
This is a profit made of plastic that has fear of the dark.
For these not engineers -- Liberians became another material became another material became another materials.
And we want this material to be the care of everything.
And so Liberian has an open code, right?
You can look at the web page -- I will take all the design of design and get them out.
We want to take a world of creating a world -- invented and collaborators because this world that we live in, this international world is us.
So I went up and to invest in.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about what I'm going to talk to you about is the subjective discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is looking for the environment.
And the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mom. wait a moment.
You can take a little bit to get a little bit in cancer.
We can continue to continue the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I don't have the time, right?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago to go back to the best designers and techniques so that you take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be dependent, we asked them to work in the government.
The income is called "The American for American and it would be like a few people of peace for technologies.
We had a few members every year and we put them to work with music.
Instead of giving them to the third world we put them into the mass world.
They made great applications, they worked with the music employees.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know, you know that.
This is a story of the city of Boston.
Here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what you really look for is that somebody else is going to get up when it comes through the ship because I know it's not very good at getting interviews when it's covered by a piece of single side.
How do you want to ask this way so similar?
Last year, we had a team of members of "The Alexander from American from America."
They were there in the film and at that point I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never works these husband.
But one of the members called America Michael noticed something else -- that citizens were working on the streets right in front of them.
So it made a good program, I developed a application.
This is a little application that you can take a hand.
You get to be able to deal with it when it comes up.
When I do that, you put a name, in this case I put him out.
If you do not do it, someone can do.
And it is a little bit of a poster.
It is a modern application.
Maybe it is the smaller of the 27 programmers last year.
But it does something another technology.
And it goes into a living way.
A responsible of systems from the Homo city at looking at this device is realized that I could use it -- not for the neighborhood, but for the citizens to get surrounded search sea.
It is very important that they work these secrets of transportation, but people are running the batteries.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens go through the streets spending the streets.
And China had just got to get them to get people to make the people in order to deal with them when it comes up.
So now we know new cities that plan to use it.
And this has been distributed without friends, in order and nature.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working in a project that I needed three people for two and a half months now.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we have done by the normal heat would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the average power of California that the moment has cost 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every government.
And so an app that is program in a couple of days and it was distributed in a visual way of the generation of the government.
It sounds to the better ways of working -- not like in private companies -- like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without relationships, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this device is that it represents the way of the government of government that has the new generation that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institutional institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together.
And it's not just "The American for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that are connected with civil applications every day in their own communities.
They have not given the government.
They feel a great factory to that, but they don't get it, they do it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feeling of politics about politics -- and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, in fact, in the words of Earth Richard, which we do together because we can't be able to do it.
Now, lots of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are change.
The politics don't change the government know.
And because the government in the last few percent of us, remember that from us, the way to think about how to make the change to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to be able to choose people so that you can get charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all, it is all about support.
This is the center of services and information.
This is the place that you take up the calls if you make 36 in America.
And I heard this called this called this.
It was "the balloon in the basis of the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door of the home, put music music and see if you come from?
And so they work. So I was going to do well for Steve.
But that wasn't the end of the subjects.
But it doesn't have a center of called called called called called called called called called called called called called called called a center.
It has a application, website and mobile -- called "Construction Collider."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York University of the New York University of Boston.
One day, this was actually going to come up with this question: "Kid in my balloon. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to show it?
The Dichae Dictarcial diamonds is different.
I was talking to you in person.
In Carios Congo everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next thing he said, "I went up to the place, I found the based behind the house.
Zeloyment? Yeah.
I went back the car. I went home.
Good night, she shows subject."
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the consequence of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government to the distributed very different virtual.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology technology.
I talk about a platform for people to get together and help others.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key paper.
They connect the two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being needed but needs to be a better alternative and more box than the government services than the global services are.
When a vaccine helps another one, we make the communities.
If we call control control -- that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing that politics is.
A lot of people understand it, but you think that one is the center of the other.
That our inside the government system is vision.
How many times have you come to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government depends on our value.
That's because the government is like an enormous ocean and the politics is the top of 15 percent.
And that's why we call the background.
And we say that word with a lot of destruction.
But this is what it takes to do that is that we feel that that we find that that we find as something that works in our against it, that other thing, and in consequences we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to have to make it feel a lot of sense.
Because this is where the real government works.
We have to break with the government of government.
That makes the Olympic movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed approach of 350 pages in response to the press of the Second Prize -- about the financial region.
That is not political activity -- it's a balloon activity.
And for those of us who have been involved in the government, is time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to focus on.
Do you really believe that we will go to where we have to go without solve the institutions that can act in the name of everyone that can be able to be able to act in name."
We can't predict government -- we need to be more effective to be more effective to it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to make the function of government in the way that you can experience the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act deployed, only you have to get the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is about 21 years so that I'm going to be a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost by sitting up.
They're not giving that battle that we're all going to talk about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their own opportunities in any catastrophe at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't care a lot to make their voices look at them.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be a bone, and you can be able to take a hand, by looking at a ball career which has a subject inside it.
Since then, we could always have gone up with those hundreds and lots of people do.
But these applications are like digital resources that we're not only conservatives, not only are we conditions of government that we pay improvisations and we get services.
We are more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to take the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all the present -- when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a voice of voices or we will also be a human hand?
Thank you.
This is for me a real hospital.
I've spent the biggest part of the time in terms and prisoners and in the rest of the death.
I've spent most of my life in markets and in projects and places where there is a lot of destruction.
And I will be here at TED looking at and looking at these students have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has an identity for you.
And the things they say here are impact around the world.
In data, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have in another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a lot of fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- if it is carefully, it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk to you about the power of identity for it.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family.
It was flu, it was force, I had power.
It was the last word in the entire family.
She started many of the doctors in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been specifically.
His parents were born in the spirit in Vietnam about 1978.
She was born about 1968, and his experience with the spirit as the way you see the world.
She was hard -- but it was also low.
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up to me and I was going to give me a good job.
I was just so strong that I could barely go up and then get it up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and I was like, "Boy: "Basic still feel my horse?
And if I told him that no, I would go back again, and if I told him I know, I was left in peace me.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be about it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In data, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to get his time and your attention.
My first ones were running around everywhere.
I remember when I was eight  nine years old, I went up to a morning, I went to the room and there were all my family.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at it.
I thought I was a game.
And then I looked at it, but she looked at it, but she was very serious for it.
After 15 or 20 minutes -- she went up with the room, and he took me out of the hand and said, "You see Britain.
I remember this as if it was a story.
I'll never forget it.
And he took me out and said, "Boy: "Good, you will tell you something, but you can't say anything like that.
I said, well, March."
She said, "You know, I'm not going to do it." I said, "Come on.
And then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I have been looking at you.
And I said, "I think you're special for you.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I just want you to have three things, British."
I said, "See, March."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is that I always want you to get your mother."
And he said, "It's my daughter -- and you have to try to make it always care."
As I went to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Marine, so I'll do it.
And then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is how it is
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, March.
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to do is that I never get a collection of the college banks."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Marine, you will do it.
I grew up in the field. I have a hair a year a year and a year a year.
When I was 14  15 -- one day my sister came home with a six centers, I don't know where I came in, and I would get to my sister and to me, and we went to the forest for it.
We just came up with the contrasts of forever.
He took a sea surgeon, he gave me my sister -- she took a little bit and gave me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. You know, but I'm not going to take the search."
My sister said, "Look at it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can go on.
And then my sister looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen to you? It takes a search."
I brought it up with the force and he said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Marine."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells all the kids that are special specialists."
I was standing.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that I should probably not say.
I know that this is going to be distributed.
But I have five years old, and I can tell you that I've never taken a car care.
I don't say that this is a video. I say for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right type of identity -- we say things to the other ones that they really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that you don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother doesn't believe that all of their kids were special people.
My grandmother had been present during the prison.
My students died from the collaborative disease.
And these were the things that we have to do -- we had to get them.
Now, try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 2020.
There are 2,000 million today.
In the United States we have the biggest species of the world.
We have seven million people in collective freedom in colleague.
And this mass experience, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much destiny, so much destruction, that they do by these fact.
One of three black black neurons between the 18 and 30 years is in the prison or in the conservation of the conservation.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Angeles, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, of 50 to 60 percent of all the young color young people are in the prison or in the conservation of the control.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the right, it's also about the poverty.
In this country we have a close system that makes you much better if you're rich and blood, that if you're poor and international.
It is not cultural -- but it is actually clearly what the results are.
And it seems like we feel very strange.
The politics of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're depressed.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some of our work for a lot of curiosity.
In my state -- in Alexander, as well as in other states -- you get out of rights for always if you have a perfect content.
Right now in Alexander, 25 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the voice.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the level of rights to be as excited as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this simple impact.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where they feel to children from 12 years to die in a prison.
We have in this country for kids, no possibility to go out of it.
Right now we are in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the face of death of death.
This thing of death death is interesting.
In a certain sense have you taught us to think the final question is, the people tend to die by the common crimes?
A very serious question.
But you can think about another way about how we're in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people are going to die by the food crimes, but if we lose to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by food.
In every nine percent people, it has thought of one which is incredibly incredibly and free from the death of the death.
And a mistake rate -- antibiotics, a number of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
It would not allow you to be able to be able to be able to leave if every nine percent of them would come in, you would have to go up.
But in some ways we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our career.
It's not our first.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about reason and this issue of if we look to kill it.
It is interesting that in my class with students about American story, I'm talking about the spirit.
I talk to you about terrorist, the time I started at the end of the research and the second World War War.
We don't really know a lot of this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the ground.
In many communities the people were afraid of being literally.
I was worried to be provided.
The end of the ground was what their lives.
Now there are more people who come up to me and say, "Santa? So you say, "So you did talks, you give people who let people say that in our history of the first time with the terrorist, after the 12th.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that.
It was the terrorist of the terrorist -- obviously, with the security and decades of section and section.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we do with each other.
And we can actually create the terrorists and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about reasons. I think it's because we are not willing to get us with a real process of real and relative.
In South Africa, people understood that it could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a complex with the truth and the relationship.
In Rosen, even before the generation had this compassion, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Afghanistan giving consequences about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went back after my present and said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you want.
And I said, "We don't have death death in Alexander.
We will never be able to have this here.
And the room was left in simple and a guy said, there's no way that with our story, we can be able to be able to get in the systems of human beings.
It would be original that we are, interactive and definitely, we would be able to explore people.
It's about this.
How are we going to feel in a world where a nation as a nation like Alexander, especially if they were in their biggest cars?
We couldn't take it.
It would be individual.
And yet, there is this consequence.
And I think our identity is in dangerous.
If you actually don't care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and the wonderful things are, yet improving.
We love innovation.
It really fascinated the technology. We take the creativity.
We love the attention.
But finally, those reality are inspired by surprise, the adventure, the demonstration, the marketing.
In my view, you need to try to get both things.
We are going to talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope -- much more depressed with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that it is going to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen before.
So we are going to be so bad, so complicated with the intellectual thing.
With innovation. The development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what it tells us not only in the basic and destroyed, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Vision Harvard, the great storyteller, I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe. He said, "When we were in Europe, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope for the space, a fly for being in the site of designers and being terrible."
Well, that organization for the spirit is probably in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be able to get them.
There is no relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really human if we don't pay the attention to the poverty of the poverty, to the expression, to the institution.
Now I want to tell you that these thinking.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great private -- being a very young blood, to know Robert Parks.
These women are just getting just to talk about.
And I was coming out of the Carios California, to say, "Bring the wall particle. We're going to get to talk to talk to me.
Do you want to come and hear it?
I said, "You know, I want to.
So she said to me, "Well, what do you do when you come up with it?
I was like, "Leave them.
And so I was going to just listen to them.
It was a very victim thing.
And in a surgery there was there, listening to these days, and after a couple hours of hours -- and after a couple of hours -- and he said to me, and he said to me and said to me, "Well, Brazil, let me tell you that it is that idea of the animal justice idea.
So how much you're trying to do.
And I started going to give me my disconnected.
I said, "Well, we're trying to cost the institution.
We try to help the ones that have been controlled by increased.
So we try to focus out the prisons and the discovery in the distribution of the personal justice justice.
We try to end up with the sense of life -- without freedom for the children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the printers.
We try to end up with massive expressions.
I gave it all my best distance and when I end up looked at me and he said, "May Montana moment."
And he said, "Let me stay away, very antibiotics.
At that time, Mr. California was interviewed, I got the side on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to find those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is similar to the worst thing that we have changed.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says, it's not because it is a mental one.
I'm sure if someone takes something you don't think, it's not that it's a drive.
Even if someone killed another, it's not that it's a subject.
This is why I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be responsible for the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and yet in many parts of the world, the opposite of the world is not the climate.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic -- very beautiful, very surprising, not to get us out of our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or rationalism.
At the end of the end of a society -- not the way they treat the rich and the professionals and the printers and the way they treat poor people, the prisoners, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
And I feel a distance. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
And I got carefully, like all.
Sometimes those ideas are going beyond me in a very important way.
I've been represented to these kids who have been sense with a lot of death.
I'm going to go to the printer and I see my 12-year-olds of 12 and 14 years, which have been applied to get them as an adults as an adult advantage.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a game to turn someone in what isn't it?
And the judge is able to hold it as an adult -- but I see a child.
A very late night was starting to think about it, by God, if the game can become something that you don't are, you must have magic power.
Yes, Britain, the game has magic power.
You should ask something about that.
And as it was very late -- I couldn't think about, but I started working in a machine.
I had a 14 years old, a small one, a little black.
I started working on the machine, with an understanding that I said, "My climbing black of 14 years is treated as a profit profit of 75 years of a computer."
In the machine I put there that there had been constructed individual in access, in the behavior.
There was a crazy line about how in this country there is no therapy, but a whole kind of thing.
On the next morning I was going to think of that international machine would be a dream.
For my sister -- not just I had a record, but I had sent it into the course.
They spent about two months -- I had already forget it.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the cost for this specific case.
I went up to the car and I was really surprising, and I was very surprising.
I went on the car at the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally under the car. I walked to the car.
I was coming up with the scales when I found a big black man -- it was the conservation of the supply of the supply.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a balloon? He said, "It's you being a back? I said yes.
And so I went up and I got up.
And I went up in the own.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was victim.
That became deep with my environment, with my identity with the ability that we all have to focus to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
And when I went in, I was seeing my journalist.
And he said, "See? So you write this material material?
I said, "You know, Mr. I was me." And we began to figure out.
People started coming back. They were all investigated.
I was the one that I had written in those colleagues.
They came up with the police forests, the support of the short stars.
In fact, without knowing how -- the room was full of people.
With the top of the eyes of the eyes to see that I was going to go and see it.
And I looked at the window and he was able to hear all of that bird.
It was going to walk up here and to there.
And finally, this old black -- in front of worry -- I got on the room and I sat behind me, almost at the table of the balloon.
And about 10 minutes later, the judgment says a response.
So during the desk for a stage of the animal was showed because it had come into the room.
And the architecture was applied on the old black one.
And he said, "Oh, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black came out of it, I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "I got to this room of audience to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with fishing for fish."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral ice of the universe is very big, but it gets it up to the justice together.
We can't be really human humans if we don't care about human rights and disconnected.
And that our surface is free to the others.
That our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity have to go back to the front and comparison and justice.
And above all of all, to those of the parts that share this, just I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with forest.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see a design of the audience of the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are several classical opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a report that is going to be a present in which it will be a effort to be able to be able to be able to get up in the forests that are spend today in paralyzed politics today.
For example, here in California -- they're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of the death, in the next five years.
And despite this, 47 percent of men are not going to come in the risks.
The 17 percent of violence is not going to anything.
Here's a change.
And this report is going to be able to be able to get up with these ways to make the law.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge dream in the United States, in the last three decades.
It's part of the explanation -- it tells you that it has to do with the biggest rate of exploration.
What would you tell the ones that you think is this?
BF: In fact, the rate of violence with violence.
The great growth in this country in this country is not because of violence.
It is for the water war against the drugs of development.
This is why it comes up with this digital increase in the right population population.
And we let us convince us by the religious record.
We have three legal causes to take people into the personal charge, to break a biology, by a little bit of crimes against protection, rather than making those resources to their victims.
And I think we have to do more to help the victims of food and not less.
It seems to me that our current forces on the audience doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: British, you have been excited in the right here.
You're very inspired here.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
And I grew up the attacks for the death of Bill Leonardo.
And I come up with 2, Harvard in South South, Collider 3, Poles are painting painting.
I come up -- Congo Canadashas.
It took six percent, social decisions.
It comes forward. It comes out of the top.
several controls? It war the national device, Martine.
Research.
Arms. Designer. Designers.
Oh, my God.
Peter Discoveries? These are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months in the last six months could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media is that the media is going to provide negative news because our minds pay them attention to them.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of every single day our senses get a lot more data than the brain can probably be process.
And as nothing matters more than to survive -- the first part of all of those data is an ancient frame of the technology called a secret called.
The automobile is our temperature attention, the face of dangerous.
Original and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that I could be able to give you.
And so from a tens of stories we would be able to look at neuroscience.
That old definition of the press, "If there is south, selling, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to give us neurological news -- the seven days of the week -- 24 hours a day, is not to explain that we're presenting.
I don't surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge program made in the last century for a series of forces is running in such a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the chance of species, the water of water and energy.
As human beings are very good at taking the problems and at the long one, we just had with them.
We analyzed it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than decline, the average income per day has been transformed around the world.
The child movement has got 10 times.
In fact, the cost of the food of the food and the common and the communicate and the communities -- has been 10 to 10,000 times.
Steve Park showed us that we're living the most specific time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world of the world went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last hundred years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people would forget it.
And we continue to put them up more and more anti-programming.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poor line have electricity -- water, batteries, beautiful, telescopes, mobile air and cars.
The back of the last century of the couple of the last century, the planets of the planet would have ever been with such a store.
So I'm going to do a lot of this is the technology, and finally, their experience growth.
My good friend Richard Karl showed that any tool that comes in the technology of information in this room, the London of Montana, and he distributed the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the mobile that you have in the police is a million times more likely and a thousand times faster than a state of the years.
Now look at this curve.
It's the law of man for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this room.
First of all, the thing that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and in the peace and in a decision and in the airplane.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers to build them.
It doesn't stop to any of the big challenges of the big challenge.
And even though it's based on a law at the left of the left on the left of the left to the left, it goes up into the top of it.
The growth rate of technology is every single time.
And in this room, at the top of the London of Montana, there are a series of extremely powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the noticed -- that my friends of Alexander called the information and the region, the region and their ability to develop and their ability to develop and will be able to be able to be able to think about all the planet.
I mean, how many of you saw the video.
It was straight.
I looked at the personality the best train that would be.
And I love this: "Goodby came to human electrons."
James is not a easy.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the coral, available for everyone in the mobile level.
For four years ago, here at TED, Richard Koran and I, we launched a new college called South University.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular, how can you use to solve the great challenges of humanity of humanity here.
And every year we asked them to put a company, or a product or service or that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been surrounded.
Today we can take a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating antibiotics, it doesn't mean to create life life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that is a stage and turn it up.
You see, the scale is controlled and technology.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National 1980s, in the 1960s.
He's the kind of the left.
And I was going to get out of Silicon Sterness.
And they were born in National contrasts who were able to put up with plants, and the same National colleagues, with gold covered cortex.
But this is the Silicon Street, I was going on with analysis cortex.
You see, the animal was the most valuable metal in the planet -- it was more than the goal and the plastic of the planet.
So this is why the point of the Gulf to Washington is a stage.
You see, even though the automatic is 60 percent of the Earth, it doesn't come like metal metaphor.
It's ready by oxygen and substances.
But then it came up and did the electronics and made it a little bit because we use it as if it was depressed.
We put this ancestor towards the future.
Let's think about energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a planet based by 500 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 tons of energy every 18 minutes.
It is not about scale, but about activity.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation by the age of the standard signals sell 17 religions.
The cost of the solar energy is about 50 last year.
The last month last month, I published a study that shows that at the end of the decade -- in the solar parts of the United States, the solar electricity is going to cost six cents a hour per hour.
And if we have energy of energy we also have water.
We talk about the war of the water.
And they remember when Paul San put up the space space to the Earth.
It took a famous picture. How do you call it?
A piece of blue point."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a planet.
Yes, 99 percent is water water, 20 percent is ice -- and we went down by the age of the water of the planet, but there's a hope.
It's an available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the nature, the national nations.
In a conversation with David Katrina this morning, one of the institutions of the bank, I would like to share with you -- I gave you a picture to do it, and his technology called Star March is already known -- it's the size of a small report.
It is able to generate a thousand pounds of water water to the day of any source water -- water water, a little bit -- for less than two cents the box.
The president of Cambridge had just heard that making a very important test of hundreds of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a trust thing that it will be, Columber will be able to be able to be able to be in 20 countries in the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the levels in the world in the developing world for the end of 20 percent.
Think about it, that massive war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya, that the president Research does 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an smart mobile cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the president Chinese makes 15 years ago.
I lived in a world of information and communities that nobody could have been done before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- you know, you know, images of books.
Maybe the best thing is when they go up in health.
The last month I had the plant of analyzed with the Colony Force something called the Texas Texas Charles Transition, of 10 million dollars.
We are changing the team of the world to make these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because they have AIDS, you can take it up, they can be able to be able to be strangery from the day.
In order to win it has to make better slide than a complete medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the motor rate is 25 percent of the health workers in the health.
When this device is a virus of AIDS or DNA that you don't recognize -- to call the health health and first of all, you will get up the paradigm.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of antibiotics.
I call it a billion in the end.
The white lines here are the population here.
We just had to spend the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best program against the demonstration experience is to go to the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 20 billion to five billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What do these people look like?
What are you going to look like? What do you want to get to you?
And instead of an economic collaboration will have the largest economic invention of history.
These people represent tens of thousands of dollars in the global economy.
And more health to the Treating -- of a better education with the Alexander Alexander and because of the use of ideas in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more products than never before.
What can you give us about 300 billion members of humanity and engineering and productions?
So what about a few voices before.
So what if we give them the operations, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
So what are these 300 billion dollars.
And if you are controlled that we can't press?
Something that I learned with the X-ray Prize is that small equipment is that small equipment -- you know, by their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that could only make the great businesses and governments them.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some people already know.
It's called Pole.
It came in the University of Washington, in Secretary.
It's a game in which people can take a sequence of antibiotics and find out the way that it will be protected.
And the professionals are determined by the structure.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a strategy problem.
They have played with this college groups, between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people went up and they started playing it.
And it has been shown that today, the human patterns of human patterns is better than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the great challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this experience technology.
We have the passion of the antibiotic innovation.
We have the capacity of the technique.
And we have 300 million new minds that will be used to work in the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
And the point of the part of the particle.
And as the idea can explain in a minute before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David -- one of my bones of my face.
He was here, as you know, in 1875.
Maybe they believe that I would have personalized, but it wasn't like this.
It actually takes fish down.
And I described one of them as very complete."
It was the moment.
It was a lot of the day to the 1960s.
Now the fish is in the red Rearly Research.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galasaices and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they are practice.
They still say that they still go in.
So what happens here?
The second story, also interacting another concept -- the content of the culture.
Because I was there in 1977 studying a surgeon in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought that I could get up.
I got a lot of with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first explanation to the sun.
The surgeon was surrounded by balls, and as you can see, of a few man.
And there were a little bit of about 20 cents -- the black blood threat.
And the fish of this thing was very strange and happened for a good moment, so it was getting more than the middle in God.
When I went out there at the time the number of fish had gone down to half of it.
They were going on to the five centers.
They experience a genetic pressure here.
There were still fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to go into the interview of the start of the strange stage in the Australian surface.
In the 1970s -- I started in the 1980s, Europe made a lot of developing projects.
The body development is going to matter to the countries that already had 100 feet -- to give the industrial fish to it.
And this box -- pretty phenomenon is called the March Four.
I was going to go back in it, and we made studies in the South South of the North March in the North March and about all, in the sea of Japan.
So what we were going to do here was something wrong.
We captured, now I know -- the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we capture were particularly, other animals that are in the bottom of the way.
And most of the fish are slower markets about a few rest of the restaurants that are fish of carbon reserves.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the covered and then it was a strange.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then start the commercial fish of it.
The bottom is going to be a set of color color -- in this case, to be a line.
This is a dead.
They didn't get them up. They did them because they were dead.
And once we changed a life.
I was still not going on.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this mountain of rest is what the legs are going to come up every time you go to an area in which they have never lost in.
But it's not decision.
We bring the world, but we don't remember it.
We put the point on the particle, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get this something like this.
In the outside and we have good things -- biological things, the green of the country, the truth of the country, the water of water.
And that changes with time, change because people do things with nature.
Every generation is going to use the images to start in the beginning of their life life as the normal and it will be able to get it back.
The difference is that they think of the loss of it.
But they don't feel the loss that happened before.
You can look at the success of change.
And at the end of the end to keep a few resources in it.
And that, in a big measure -- we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affect people when social societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal that is very advanced, before you get a little bit.
You don't lose the angel animals.
And you lose a little bit.
Even if this doesn't feel like a big loss of it.
With time, we focus on the big animals -- and in a sea of great fish of great fish.
They become little feet because we lose them.
With the time they have a few fish but we think that is the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists -- scientists will be very different.
And you will do it because the evidence is in a very before it is not the way they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the love that some of you are, as you put a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or by the great thing that they don't use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrial society, because they don't trust the source of the past.
So the huge role that can be able to make a massive area.
Because with the massive areas -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to find because the point of part has come up and it's pretty much down.
That's for the people that you can see a massive area and you can benefit from the vision that you can put up and you allow them to put up their point of particular.
And what happens with the people who can't do it because they don't have access as people in the Middle States for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for
I think there are the arts and the child maybe you can take the volunteer.
This is a situation of the Bang Bang.
A lot of time ago, there were a long time in the Barry Bangladesh, 500 years ago.
And they will have noticed that the mathematics and the transportations are like "Leave."
And if you think about "Look, if you think about why people are made with the movie -- you can talk about the history of Palestinians -- why do you turn with the images?
Because it turns out something that, in a certain sense, it has lost it.
And so my responsibility, the only one that will give up, is to Charles, to make "It "Army for the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I'm Kenya Allend, the generation of Congo Texas, and I look at Vietnams in professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are going to be living and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- colors, contents, contrasts, when I was more young -- that seems something very, very hard.
But today.
And you can make them famous in the Internet in a satellite.
You get more than 400 hours of video to Google per minute.
And of that, just a little percentage is a little bit of a video -- you get a little bit of vision and make a culture.
How does that happen?
Three things -- you know, computers of terms, and social communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bell Shanghai? Oh, my God, God me.
God.
Good."
OK, well.
KB: Last year, George Vietnam published this video video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 25 million times.
This graph shows the reports in the popular area of the last time.
Bell doesn't have to make a living video.
And I just wanted to share a little bit of the bottom around.
That's what you do if you're called Monterey Monterey Berkeley.
There were a lot of video.
This video had been published in Internet.
So what happened here?
It was Jim King.
Jim King published this task that would be able to be a video to the political.
The crimes of tensions like Jim King present us new and interesting things and they are moving to a little bit more application.
Robert Bangalor:  You know, you have to start the vision.  You all want to get the end of the week -- the end of the week.     You know, I start the vision.  KB: Don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video.
"Look at Robert Bronx is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
At the same one that he "Arms three dollars, this video seemed to have come out of the nothing.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was victims, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other people, they're also visit.
But what happened this day, this is a particular particle."
Well, I took the Tailunder Times, and many blocks began to write about it.
Michael James.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of tons and a group of tensions took a point of view and they share it with a higher public audience, by making the process.
So this community of people who share this great Internet charge then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 particles of Vietnam in Hollywood.
Just in the first seven days, there was a park for each other days.
At the U.S. environment of the 20th century, this community particular is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- and doing something new with that.
"No Cape is a represented animal with a straight music.
So that's everything.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rich, you know there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
So far, they saw this video.
And there are causes that saw other galaxies to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that shows between the U.S. community.
There was records.
Some made a version of the old one.
And then it became an international one.
And suddenly it came up with a whole community community that made this happen to be a strange child to something that we can all form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we are going to be passionate.
Who could have predict something like this?
Who could have lost "All of the "So "So "All of the doctors or Rome Bang or "No Charles?
What could you have been written to do this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video video -- just that really only only one of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who comes against the hands in New York City.
California Nigeria? I was made by not close for the bone, but there are often observations that you tell you a little bit.
KB: Thank you to the sophisticated effect and his humanity, Canada China took five million people to see and understand their idea.
This is why this approach is worth all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all this tells us to a great question.
Bell School: What does this mean?
Oh.
KB: What does this mean?
And the transportation creativity, common creative communities -- which is totally under a new kind of media -- of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that depends on the population.
As I said before I said before, one of the current cells of the world, just because of Honorey beginning.
They don't want to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit from our own culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are just the right media -- but they define the understanding of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a final story.
This is a company that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces of them.
Imagine the first piece of piece, a man running the work of a whole life.
It's a point, a doctor, a man whose entire life had been used in the only one of the unique and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communities come in San Stephen, by looking at the fact that their life had been totally on the value.
The words, for so many friends -- now they were doing it.
It goes up in the situation.
He died by the story.
He is my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been in volunteer, and my lesson was to learn that story tried to get up, but we support it.
The next part of the companies is about a piece of the bone by being able to just be deployed by the sea sea.
My mother, March, I had just 18 years old when his father died -- and a controlled material and two small girls in it.
For it, life had taken up to a single task, the scale of his family and a new life in South America.
It was interviewed for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that I challenge the focus -- a box was brought up to the sea forest of the film for the sea fish.
All the adults knew the risks knew all the time.
The biggest fear was the pieces, the violence.
As the majority of the adults -- my mother took a flow with me.
If you were coming to us, first of all, we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first remember is about that box -- the correct corruption of the motor, the price of the shoes, and the horse goes up in every single room, and the horse and a voice.
I don't remember the pieces that came back several times, but that they were connected with the value of men in our bank, or the movement dying and not being able to get for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the book in front of the colleague of Malagaria -- and to the young man who color and he died the journey was too much for him, and the first thing I tried to do, because of the men.
And none of them had the same subject.
After three months in a field of reflection, we dropped in March.
And the next piece of the companies is about four women over three genes giving a new life.
We were going to go in Professor, a kind of kind of kind of sort of characteristic to open up the population of antibiotics.
In the middle of the middle sizes, which is a distance -- in Professor, there was no sense of the right.
The values that come from the rest of the rest of the world.
And the French Englands were interested in the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in graphics, then in a line of cars of cars -- working six days, it was going on.
Even like that, I found time to study English and get a text at TED and the information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were straight, and they made a strange tower in English and mathematics -- no matter what you should be able to do, that it was usually a new role, it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to get the holes of the other.
A scale of school up to them, because I had to give six years.
And there were strange and dolphins on the "Earth "Earth and some of the grandmothers, "Audience: "Look, go home.
At home, what?
Something in me.
And I was applied and a voice who said, "I'm going to show you.
My mother, my sister and I put it on the same way.
My mother was exploring every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother was going on, all the balloon.
And my task was going to be supported until his legs started to be able to get it.
She opened up a computer, then I studied to be strategic and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and the intelligence and the intelligent kids -- and they were working between two world.
They were looking at subjects and papers.
And they created each other.
I lived in the particular world.
In one, it was the climate public student in the computer of what I had in myself.
In the other one, I was looking at the present lives -- which is transformed by violence.
But many of them had helped through the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of a back, I got the young school of the year.
And I was able to get a piece of a piece of the points to the other, but his bees didn't get up.
And I read London, it was now so London, it was now so read and social activity -- I invented to talk to you in places that had never heard of, and in houses which she had never ever thought of.
I did not know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the cortex.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rooms and the course of life in a surgery -- a mother -- a mother, a mother and two children end the day as they did it for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and getting distant, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she was going to go back to the back.
The hadn't been a option.
"Go to me, and he said, and it's not what you're not standing."
And so I talked about the store and education and education to the markets and the demonstrations.
And how much more I was talking about, more was used to talk about.
I met people from all the way of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up I ended up that I was able to be able to stay in a cardiologist car.
It had to be another piece of the companies.
And I realized at the same time that it's well going to be a destruction, a record in the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that will be applied, maybe a radio record.
Because it's going to be in the front of it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the price of your protection.
I gave enough steps out of my content to know that, yes, that the world gets down, but not the way we do.
You might not have been allowed to be a little bit of all of them in the whole way.
There was an energy there -- a picture of it, a single minister of human and wrong.
And so I went up with me.
Just to a little group of people for who the law can't do it was a straight challenge.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant school of blood that we all share with.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were lower, but some brands, and we open it out.
I took the decision to move the U.S.
And after a single journey.
My corners again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the environment came up.
First of all, let me tell you about me.
She grew up in a time where the Connecticut was the social black and the local Martin was the person who important.
life had not changed by the century.
His father died a little bit after she was born.
The mother came up.
At the age of the age of the 1970s became a control of the Marine Mandela.
With no support of his market, it causes a school when you put it up and take the cause of it, and so much more high causes when you go back.
You can't do it that you can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the room in the fourth of a hospital in Sir Steven when she died -- to one billion miles in March.
I looked through the map of the daughter and I saw it from the other side.
I knew that I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
So days later, we went to a street temperature in Professor and we sat around the side.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a man came up and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked you to the monkey, "Why is his hand hand, and the rest of the body so fresh?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning -- he said.
They have not sent it.
If there is a neurons in our family, that running through women.
And because of those of us who were and how life, we can now see that men who had come to our lives that would have been freezed to us.
The device would have been able to be excited.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask you about the ball.
Who could do that for right?
However, it takes the practice of the easy.
I can give you a test in their lives, supporting value in every single single single single single single single single single single single single day, which is not generally going on.
I don't know.
But if I could put it up and look at it, I would do it.
Train Nigeria, and also the mother of so here today is here today in the fourth or four percent.
My story starts in Roman about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the stage -- with the amount of Martin March March.
We were thinking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient empty Polestic "The Malagaria."
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel back to a car and we knew the sky.
Now we do it with a block.
At that time when I went up, the great friend of Indian war -- I had a size -- I had a strange and with a face to the ground -- he got water.
Now we do the same thing with talents and machines now.
The conclusion that we did was that the machine had taken to the map.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was looking at this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to figure out what I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed like the technology had to allow the magic to not kill it.
So my grandmother was going to get me out of the prison of prisoners.
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It turned into a door full of a world full of images.
I had the feeling that the mobile levels and the cameras and the cameras are allowed to do.
They were going to go up with our innovation.
And so I went down to this -- I went back to this technology to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
It was 18 books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the iPhone I saw a national device to connect the laws of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will play the text with the image -- the animal and the surface.
The narrative becomes more and more moral again.
But what do we look like?
I'm at the point of letting Kaber, an interesting approach for immune.
He says, "Consider your fingers on every light.
And so --   He says, "This box perceives -- I wrote my name up.
And so I got a book of the book.
In several times I got a cardioves -- the iPhone knows where it lives to the GPS -- which comes to me.
My little girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic here.
And I don't mean machines and directions, but to that map of information, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the numbers in a factory always turned out to me.
So in here, we have to put up the iPhone to release the lines.
And actually, they start your way in what the book is.
Another idea that I was worried about a girl was that a whole galaxies in a balloon.
And so here, every book and every world is transform in a bank that I would face to this magic device inside the application.
And this is about a map.
In all of the favorite book there has always been maps -- but have been statistically marketing.
This is a map that grew up, force and it took you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
And another kind of very important thing for me is to create Indian content and to the control.
These are the supermarkets.
We've all heard of the hearts and the sites, but how many people out of India know their individual contents, the support?
These poor poor people have been approached in the streets of India during a old and an old book.
And so we're trying to go back into a conservative story.
In a story that is about current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis. One of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been discovered, painting to their PCH, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can get our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interaction of the book is this evidence in which you have to go out of the extension, take the camera or the iPhone, and you will collect images of different natural object.
As a girl I had a lot of colors, passengers, paintings, boats and contents.
For some reason, the kids don't do it.
So in order to collect this risk of the infrastructure you have to go out and in a capital, take a picture to a force and then get it.
In another hand, you have to take a picture of a piece of color and then get it.
In this way it was created a digital collection of pictures that then you can put in the Gulf in the Gulf of it.
A kid of London put a picture of a rock and says, "Oh, today I saw a boat."
A child of India says, today?
And you create this kind of social network to a collection of digital pictures that have been done.
In the top of the connection of the magic -- the Earth and the technology there are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we used to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPhone and the video of the video and the video was actually looking at a group of an animal games that are going on on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of letters.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and get them to read the rest of the book.
Let's go back to a world where the forces of nature are working with technology and magic and technology and technology.
We take the energy.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and that magic -- and I love the institutional love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University University was to go to a rest of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she takes a little piece of coffee or you ask patients and asked patients and food, what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for all that all of us, or maybe not all of us, but most of the health projects -- you know, we just stopped listening to it.
This is my Britain Bangladesh. It's something very simple.
It has a period of sense and started an application.
And all the morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 15 Koran.
But it's so simple -- that every time I come up with my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that you need a collective antibiotics or some of that stage, but you see it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four seconds at Twitter at TED.
So every morning I got to my Britain Bang and before I went back to my car, people start to talk to me, you know, today I think you need a living line.
That is the best thing that can happen -- because it is part of the countries used to help patients -- because it could be used for obsession, and also for the patients to let the patients.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their cells and together to develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available in the next week.
This little market connected to an idea or another device.
And people might be able to be able to be able to take their artistic pressure -- to send them to their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are going to take a position and to be able to get the control and be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help the health of the health because of the challenges that we face -- as the distance of the cost of medical attention.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but as well.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the car.
Maybe we even have them.
We know exactly where they are all the right cards in March Mars.
And also where all the galaxies.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient.
We ask, but nobody happened.
No one knew where to get DNA save lives at this moment.
And what we did was we did critical in the United States.
We created a website -- and we asked the public to look at it, and you look at the audience -- please look at it, and then you can see it, and when it's open up, because sometimes open up in a few of the office and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 dollars were already prepared on the United States.
The next step was to look for the device for that.
And we did a application for the iPhone.
We created a capacity for Leng, actually, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else -- you can use their iPhone, and the next few weeks to use their cell cell to find the more close DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this -- not just like DNA -- which is the name of the product -- but also like Chileffret.
And we want to get it to the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other university -- so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the Delime of the DNA around the world.
Every time they are in careers and somebody else -- it can be a part or someone in front of you, you can find it.
And I also wanted to invest to companies around the world that could help us look at these DNA.
They could be services of message or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please give us on this and not just improve the health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my microscope millimeter.
Or is it "now?
Because of course, they are pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest for the photograph is called my first digital camera to 15 years.
And it was mentioned with my passion before the decade -- but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process of the early process when you put the paper.
For me, the photograph had more than to be in the right place in the right time.
I looked like any could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that began to protect the paper.
pictures like this: a building in a very traditional car.
But it has a short strange.
And despite it, you keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colors at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the level of the reality.
And when I say I really say the picture.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to have been able to have been able to have been changed in some way as a picture.
pictures where you have to think about a moment to find out the train.
It has more than you can do with making an idea that is going to make a moment.
But what is the term that makes them look like?
Are you the details or the colors?
Is it interacting the light light?
What's the improvisation of the improvising?
Sometimes the island is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to interact the world and how you can think of a biological surface.
It's actually not about whether it is a reality but what we think it's like.
And so I think the fundamental are very simple.
I see it as a business of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects, something that we can all relationship with the three-dimensional world.
But they combine in a certain way you can create something that still looks like the same thing that it looks like as if they exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when you combine the photographs of it.
It's really going to create different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem really I think that are those where we don't even think of the things that we don't even think of us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures is very important to consider it, because something else will look wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to make a real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But you know, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computer pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these receptors, they were taken to the same alternative and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to measure the beginning and the end.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is married.
But this picture is totally bought by pictures of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place that will find because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of plants.
And as I thought this idea in the invention knew that I had several months to play it, to find the different data for the pieces of the color.
For example, the fish was able to be able to go into a fishing journey of time.
The costs are from a different.
The substantial part was made in a piece of power.
And yes, I even made the house in the top of the island so that it looks like it looks like that.
So to make a real result -- I think it makes a lot of plant.
It always starts with a back, an idea.
And then you have to combine the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very good.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures that the result can be very beautiful, it can be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only line is our image.
Thank you.
I will start showing a slide about technology, very distant.
Please if you can put it.
It's a distance that I took out of a car me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general thing.
This is a animal that we were doing about the potential of the RNA microbes to see the potential of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this is a lot of other things that we used to see, is kind of a kind of line in the local scale.
In other words, every step of here it represents an order of the market in the scale.
I'm going to talk about the technology with a secret curve is a negative.
This is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please understand the light.
I need more interesting because I write about paper.
Why do we make technologies in prison" schools."
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal culture that we say, these are the years, or some of the time of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to figure out, the slide would see a rich thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I mean, for example, some other technology, as the transition -- in a secret culture would be very single, we would see a right line.
But if something like this, it gives a curious change.
If the technology technology will go as fast as the microbes -- we could take a table and be in Toran in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go back to that rich.
There are no price in the history of the technology of the technology.
The question I want to do is -- look at these exploration curves, and we see that they don't still follow it.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a clinical typical teacher, I know like this until it was completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm an open, so I think maybe something like this.
In order to be like that, we will now be in the middle of a transformation in the media.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask you, is, what is that new way that you add the world?
So what new state does the world?
The transition seems very, very trust if we're involved in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 200 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year 200 percent.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been considered, year after year, over my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to be a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different that we're doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience to.
But to do that, you will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take a distribution and look at things in the long way.
The time that I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years.
So we took a few million years ago when the Earth was a very big school with a lot of chemicals who were born around it.
If you look at the way that these chemical chemicals give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory, and I think there are theory to start to understand the order with AIDS. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there had been putting up a little bit of action with all kinds of chemical resources in their inside of it.
Some of those architects in order to have a particular combination of chemicals that made them make materials of the outside and so on.
And they started distributed.
In a certain sense, those were the most primary forms of the primary profits -- those arms of access.
But those cars were not living -- in the current sense, because each one of them has a full record of chemicals in it.
And every time you have a lot of discovery in the chemical distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And that's why it was a little bit different.
In fact, the reasons that somehow is getting better at the time of getting the chemical chemicals -- they grow more, they were getting more chemical and they are getting more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, a very simple life, but things got interesting when these cars learned the transportation of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand very well these numbers learned to take information information.
They learned to take information, which was the rest of the cells, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evidence without sense, a system of writing that allowed them to figure out what they were to be able to be able to do.
And the amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been able to be started since they evolved 2,000 million years ago.
Our recently, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same school system.
In fact, every living is express with exactly the same set of laws and the same code of them.
And one of the things that I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code now.
So here I have 100 millions of white police that I try to focus to the security people.
But you know, I took this code -- the code has the common laws that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA DNA and I put it up 10 to 25 times.
So if someone wants 100 million colleagues of my personal career I have a lot of for all of the parts -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a bus that would have put it into a virus and would have gone through the room.
What was the next step?
I would write the DNA was an interesting step to me.
This made these cells have a billion years.
But then another great step happened in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information by doing that communities of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can do DNA.
So in that way, for example, they evolved the report to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the piece and get them to create their little DNA with other bacteria with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the performance because the bacteria are community.
This community gave place that they were going to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they had a situation.
In that way they survive or they worked together, or that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they became more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the point of influence happened when these communities came up so much that in fact, they were used and decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have marketing communities -- we have a lot of different types of different cell cells working together as a single organisms.
In fact, we are a marketing community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The cells of the skin don't look at the heart of the heart or the muscle, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they were produced more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call an organization that we call an organization.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These began to get into information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more to process information in community.
It's the nervous structure.
The neurons are the device that they process the information that those cell communities.
In fact, they started going into the community in the community to be able to replace it, understand and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage of it.
Because at that time as an individual -- the learning was connected to the discourse of an organization and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, learning not to eat a lot because I knew the last time that the last time it is.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these process of information of information that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of the individuals that they started in that face that they eat that picture.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures that are going to be an evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in time I need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals found out the beginning of the community.
So for example, the most mean version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention in it.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea.
I'm here sitting up with a couple of groups and with sure, building a similar idea, and it goes up and controlled, in his head that I had a certain love with the one.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization of it.
In fact, as a humanity -- we've started making abstracts.
Now we are going on with similar jobs to the marketing organisms -- we are going to find our relationships of the religion, and the present of information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the control, the computer, the County, and so on.
And that would get us in something much bigger and faster to evolution than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
They saw the evolution of YouTube in which I produced a certain evolution with the conversation program with our eyes.
And now we've taken the time back again.
The first stage of the story that they told them took a billion years every one one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language.
And the next ones -- like electricity, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is related, I guess that autonomous is the right word to name something that takes their own change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that is what we look at in this experiment of the curve.
We see that the process is related.
But I got the life by designing computers and I know that the microbes that I start to tell you that it would not be possible without the right distances of it.
But now I design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transition in that control machine.
There are thousands of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of
And instead of that, with the designers of Theater Malaysia, we think about a level of ability, we put it in the machine and the machine with that something that you could not be able to get a lot more far and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we have a few things that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using food, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process.
And for example, in the most extreme case, we can evolved a program from a strange sequence of institutions in the instrument.
We say, "Why are we going to get a hundred million tons of institutions to the shop?
You could take these sequence of institutions in the water, and you can take all those programs -- and take those people who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say that I want to give numbers.
So we found the programs that are going to come up with numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely to be a little bit likely that a lot of strangers of institutions -- order numbers -- so none of them.
But one, of course, I could get two numbers in the right order right.
And I said, computer, could you take the 10 percent of those strange sequence that better did the task?
We take those and we move to the rest of it.
And now we start the ones that are better than the numbers.
And we go back to them for a process of responsibility to sex."
So let's take two programs -- which will make children, which are going to be successful, and that children are going to have the products of both programs of both program.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Why do you get the process."
Call again.
So I put some materials.
And I try and try with another generation with another generation with it.
Well, every generation takes a few miles.
So I can make the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we end up with programs that provide numbers in a absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to find them to see how they work.
They are dark programs -- strangers.
But they get the food.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
And once I was in a 477 with Martin Million and I went up and he said, "You look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a seriously safe grandmother? You don't make you feel true?
We know that the engineering process didn't work very well when they get complex.
So we began to depend on computers to make design design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than the normal engineering is.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can be able to explore these programs much more quickly.
And it is, you know, it goes up.
The thing is getting faster and that's why I think it seems so conscious.
Because all of these technologies are released.
We're going on.
And we are at a moment that we are at a short moment to the clinical organisms when they become morality.
We are the ancestors and we can't understand what they are doing.
We're at the point of information.
But I think something comes behind us.
And I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what you come from.
But now it comes back and I think I will stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow you to be part of my favorite factory on that.
Before I try to treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about biology.
Why not?
We are about the end of the end.
We love the biology, right?
The biology is full of amazing stars.
There are hundreds of statistics there.
It's going to come out of "Blue Roberts? I talk about the statistics and use them to form a great biological team of biology.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the back of back.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that based 300 dollars.
That means that the basis based on a 10 times.
That means that it is going to take the ball into the path of play without being applied, and that anyone who tried to get to the first base -- it doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
It was about three attempt for 10 percent.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Labs?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a battery of 400 billions of 4011.
By the way, that is someone who from 10 gardens, which is about four games.
Let's look at Lenders, like the Law Williams, the last play of the Moston Last Lab in exploring more than 400 degrees in a record temperature.
Now we're going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less engineer, after what I'm going to tell you today.
They assume that they have approaches and they are depressed to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent of the 400 in all of them.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess they live in a full place and a way to be wanted to have two of these arguments and their family doctors and their family of family is given it to a career whose right in the angel is 200 percent.
But you know what?
And she's going to be able to do this year.
And their things have been 145.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you to ask them.
What do you think that you should be the average of a heart or detectors of a distance or a distance or a global group?
All right.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all the medicine knows the access of a good surgery.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I was inspired with the way to be perfect people.
You never get a free and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I used when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a computer student studying me.
Once a company in the high school said that Brazil Galara was studying to a start of blood started.
So what it looks like.
I studied in my little detail, in the responsibility of the University of the University of the University of The General General -- not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory ...
In my kind of application, I mentioned the original and the modern work, the radio of every piece that comes out of the horse, the digital digital display and the non-search distance.
And I even knew the difference of the difference of how to deal with the surrounding to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And as long as it was more and more knowledge.
And I was very good at me, I grew up with honest.
And it comes from the medicine of medicine with the impact that if I was working all of it, then you would know everything -- or the most possible thing about it, because I was going to get out of the mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Deborries December.
I was resistant in a college hospital here, in Toran when they brought to the South Department at the service of experiments where I work.
At the time I got up to the career service for me.
And when you go up to a corrupt to get me to a career I was going to go to that patient to me.
And it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you.
When I saw the Debricate Department, I was driving.
I heard a surrounding sound.
And when the audience, I listen to a sound sound in both sides of it, which I was interested in a lot of content contractor.
And in these conditions the heart is left to work and instead of taking the blood up into it, the blood goes to the laws, and so these are the strangers, and that's why there is hard to get up.
And it wasn't hard to distribute.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give you.
And he gave him a spinal and medicine to raise the pressure in his heart.
He gave him directions, and so I had water, so that I could be able to be able to stay up.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I eat the first mistake, I sent it into his house.
I actually eat two more.
He sent it up to his house without talking to the record of records.
I didn't read the phone and I didn't do what I should have done -- that was called my head and put it up with him so that he saw it.
And if my daughter would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to make a complicated information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a recognition that I needed attention to me.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility -- that I could take care of my patients.
The second mistakes that eat was worse than it was worse.
When you send her home, I don't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "Good, it's not a good idea. You don't do it."
In fact, I was so excited that until I asked the disease that I was going to the South Department -- "I think it's good if you're going to his house here?
And the disease thought and then he said with natural national scientist, "Yes, I think that will be good.
I remember that as if it was a story.
This is what it was to look like, and the animal along with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad price in the start.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the space where I was my car to go home. At that point I did something I don't do anything.
I went through the service of the way to home.
And there is another one, not the one that I had from the Deborriple December before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most of the doctors of exciting experiences.
Other species are also, but there is a particular particular and is that we see the physical patients.
The three words are are you?
He was left from the patient that I sent up to his home.
And I asked the other focus with natural total.
And she came back, with the same task side.
She was good.
But I came back and the death.
At the course of a time of having come back to his house, after I gave him the top and his family called a colleague and his family called the 1980s, the particles were brought to the emergency of the amount of about 50 percent of Harvard, what it means to be a sex side.
And I just wanted it and I was a blue one.
This is the emergency person shows all their resources.
They gave them a medicine to go out of the artificial pressure for it.
And they had an artificial response.
I was connected and happened to the model.
I had a sense of feelings because then then that they were going to be on the interview terrorist and waiting for all hope that would be reading.
And in the two or three days the next day I was never going to go up.
I had a printed brain day.
The family was coming up.
And in eight or nine days or nine days.
And at the next day, they let you go. The German Department, waiting and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks old, I put up for it and experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just just -- short, without feeling that subject because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You do the patterns and you never eat that mistakes of it.
It's that version that I left a teaching one.
And the market self-confidence that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very wrong.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my bone, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I would save things and make sure that I wouldn't be dead.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why don't I ask my body? Why did I send her home.
And in my worst time, why do you eat a strange stage?
Why does it get medicine?
At least that feeling was destination.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, you open up the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I put the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not eat more mistakes, it would make those voices to me.
And so on.
I went back to work.
But I came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the employees of the energy in a community hospital to the North America, and I got a 25 years old on the game.
I was very excited and surrounded.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his garden, I was a little bit color.
And he was asked and he sent it to his house.
But while he goes back to the door in the top of the shoes.
Two days later, when I came to do my garden change, my wife asked me to talk to me in his office in his office in his office in his office to me.
And then the three words -- do you get you?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the balloon?
And he came back and he didn't have a specific factory.
I had a completely moral affect called a political application.
You can find it in Google -- it's a distribution, not from the gain, but from the surrounding surrounded, and that can cause the close of those you.
He did not work.
And he was able to get antibiotics for it and you get back to the few days.
And then you get the same period of selection and reproduction, then I went back and came back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same group of crisis, not distributed approach.
And this is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it is about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a destruction.
One of them thought that I had a really nice cell.
They give up a radiation record, but it turns out a colleague that was running to the patient to make a certain sense in the right bottom and called the surrounded.
The other patient was with a lot of diagram.
And they give him a little bit of a little bit to get up and I asked my colleagues to go to it.
And it would take it up and take a certain service in the right bottom right called the surrounded.
both of them were used and they were recorded well.
But every case I went up, I was described.
But I would like to tell you that they eat the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say, is a beauty.
The most significant has been for the last five years.
Just started and no support.
And here is the problem, if I can't free and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the voice that I'm really going to tell you what it happened, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this for you to get the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone to talk about failure -- after fragile, after fragile?
Of course that in a picture will be going to be talking about other doctors of other doctors but they won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a train in my hospital I found the wrong legs -- I think I would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business.
It's the system that there are two positions, the ones that are going to eat mistakes and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have some results and the ones that have a lot of results.
And it is almost like an ideal reaction -- as you start looking at that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who are eating mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years old, I have done a personal study of bad medical professors and doctors to learn how possible possible -- from the first article that I wrote for the Alex Stephen to my program?
And what I learned is that mistakes are surprising.
We worked in a system where they are going on every day, where one of 10 degrees in the hospital are wrong.
In this country, they are going to die 24 percent of them by everyday doctors per single day.
The United States of the United States.
In both cases, it comes out of the bottom supports, because we're not trying the problem as we should be.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is married every two or three years, and we don't do it.
The dream of the dream.
And we can't get rid of it.
So we have any cognitive signals that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient in the painting.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the part, and it comes together with the law eyes and with a collection to the ancestor and suddenly my story has come out of destination.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't raise their symptoms always in the same way.
This is all over all of this, the mistakes are inspiring.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we feed all of the teachers that are going to look at it, well, not to get anything.
And with the question that people don't want to talk about their most big cases?
In my program, "Google artist, it's a student to say, "This is my worst reason? I would tell you all from the particles to the charge of carbon school, and this is my worst river, blood, blood, blood, "sponsor?
And their students are going to go up, they will go back to the head and they would go back and they start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't eat the same response."
They need a context where I can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reported doctor is human -- you know it, and it does not come out of their mistakes -- but it is going to be able to learn how to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their mistakes.
It would take the members of other people not with the trying to get it, but in a yellow way and support for all of us to get down.
And I worked in a medical culture that you recognize that human beings are going to give the system, and when this happens -- they are made free of time.
My name is British Gandhi.
I'm a reported doctor here.
I am a human -- I just eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel to learn something that can bring others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me get up with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day anything?
Do you know how much we get in a week, in a week.
I did a little bit more than 200 people and the average amount of choices that say to get a average American -- it's about 70 percent.
It doesn't make a lot of -- in a research kept for a week to a group of companies of company.
The researchers were coming out of the different things that are made by these expressions and the time that they started to make the related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they get 120 workers per week.
It doesn't even work even a lot of missions.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 12 percent of them had an hour or more than your time.
Now think about their choices now.
Do you know how many of you go to the nine minutes, and how many of you on the age of an hour, and how many of you on the age of an hour.
How do you make the way that they make those decisions?
And today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, to choose to the surrounding of choices in the opportunity.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I do a question -- as I am a scientific, you get the hand only if you want to go up with the cars.
In another way, when I do a question -- if your answer is positive possible to get a painting.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the opportunity of choices?
Thank you.
It was being studying from the University of Stanford University -- I was looking at this very, very high level -- at least at that time was very sophisticated at that time.
It's called Design.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There was 250 different kinds of shows and video, more than 500 different types of fractions and green and about 25 percent of it -- and this was when we had water water.
I would love to go to that story, but in one of the question I asked me, why never buy anything for it?
So this is the side of the original ocean.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different cells, including the ones that were in the single box that they come out of military trees coming from.
One time I decided to visit the genome and asked him -- I said, well this structure of offer all these electrons?
He would be the balls full of temperature that they had every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to do a little experiment with metaphors. This is the mistakes.
So it turns out.
They had 120 different kinds of different.
So we put a question to say, right to the state of the test.
We put out there in the top of six signs, or about 24 different sites, and we look at two things -- first of all, in what people were willing to stop trying to try to try to test the method?
More people were discovered when there was 24 percent, that when there was only six -- a 40 percent.
We also look at what they were more likely to buy a terror of metaphor.
So here we find the opposite effect here.
The ones that they found out when there was 24 percent of them -- only three percent.
The ones that they found when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent of them will be served.
If we do the cartoons, the people had six times more likely to buy if they were going to buy if they found six -- that if they found 24 percent.
Well, I will decide that we don't buy that we couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a lot of good to build the line, but it turns out that the problem of choices are affect us in right decisions right now.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day -- the financial support.
I'm going to give you a study that I did with George Hawaii, Lester Kanaara and George Japan, where we look at the decisions about the subjects of about a million Americans of a million Americans in the course of this country.
We would be interested in looking at if the number of forces that are available in terms of support sports -- the programming program produced people to save for the future.
And we found that I really had a corruption.
We had 750 plants that were coming from two, to 13 different choices in it.
And we found that the older number was the number of forest forests, there was less particular.
So if you look at the extraordinary, we see that in the plants that are going to provide two forests, the rate rate was 70 or more, not as high as you want to.
And in the plants that provide about 60 meters -- the rate rate is going on to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you want to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences in that.
So for the ones that they decided to participate -- the longer the number of choices -- more people were invited to avoid the action or the investment of the research.
When there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in front of the market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we're going to be able to be able to support the future financial financial future.
In the early decade we have seen three main negative consequences at the most and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- that they are still still when this is going on against the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the end and in the health.
They are more likely to spend less supply things -- even though they get better.
The main reason is that we run out to look at that variety of moral variety -- mortality, violence and metal, but we are not able to do the cells to share and get out and get out of that impact of experimentation.
Today I want to introduce you for four simple techniques that we've shown up, in a form or another way, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first is, Columber.
You have already heard before, but it has never been more true than today, that less it's more.
People are always moving when I say, "County."
They were worried about losing space in the airplane.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decided to cut up, you will get out of strangers -- there will be an increase in the version -- they will be able to be a better experience in the choice.
When it comes up with 26 different types of 20 different types of Harvard to 15 San San 100 percent of the 10 percent of the 10 percent of the versions.
When you get the Collective Columbia protected the products for state stations that are less sold -- they put up the use in 87, for two cars, and the biggest costs and the computers.
And you know that the subjects of today, in the average offer 45 products.
And in a story of Washington, they offer about 100 products.
But the neurons have bigger in the current world is Alexander and it has only 140 products -- a kind of task task on the line.
In the world of the financial save -- I think that one of the best examples that have come out of how to move better choices is the plan of David Broads, the Harvard program.
And all of the Harvard employees are inspired by a lot of life.
They really want to get up, they give them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options."
The first thing I do is to ask you to the employees, let me tell you the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't be able to be able to do their clients."
And this later, before I started this secret, I was talking to Gandhi.
He told me that it would be willing to offer the people in this audience a lot of careers with all the most beauty of the world.
Here, a destruction.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a support if you're ready to take the German office.
(Audience: All right.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a train.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it really comes to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first hand, which in the second one, but I can move up and say that the second time was more true.
Because the images did that it would be more real than it looks like.
This brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the opportunity of choices -- which is Congo.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of each choice -- and the consequences have to feel very visual way, very consciousness.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average than when you use open drivers or critical, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it would be more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Shanghai Berkeley and Alexander Project, about person from North Professor that worked in the U.N. -- these people were in a meeting that they were going on to a 400 plan plant.
At that meeting that we built exactly how they were going on, we made a little advertisement.
So what we were going to do was we put up the person who would think about the positive things that will happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the applications of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their short restores, for four percent.
The third technical is Carrout.
We can be able to make more colleagues than choices that we can.
For example, this is a study that we did in a record of records.
And we saw that in the Western surfaces over the rest of the North, the extra experiment can continue from 37 different types to 701.
But you know?
Because the catastrophe tells me how to do it.
These are two of them are two of them today.
One is called "Japan and the other, "Disappear."
If you think the left of the left is Silicon and the right of the right is Japanese, they give a painting.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think that the left of the left is Jack and the right of the right is Santa, they give a painting.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Jack and the right of the right is Steve.
This kind of cartoonist is totally interest.
Carbon have to do something like that, not when the definition is.
And you often see this problem with those huge lists of forest.
Just who are they influenced?
My fourth category, controlled complexity.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than we think, if we just put it a little bit.
We have to increase the complete complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
So this is a huge amount of cars that allows us to think about it.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, I put outside of the car -- I have five possible.
Morning, it goes out of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to see the order where the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- five colors to a few corals, for a few bats.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a few choices -- four cards, a lot of choices.
And what am I going to look like?
What are you so involved in.
If you do it always the bottom of the depression in every decision in every decision -- this means that they are applied, or it is, you know, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from many choices in a few choices -- they use the box for the detail over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information.
The only thing I did was the order that the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn how to stay up.
Even though the box of change is not saying anything about the price of the inside decision, they are all going to get to choose us.
It is a product that we're building that we now have more applied with the process.
So to go up.
So I've talked about four techniques to measure the problem of the opportunity of options, Carolina, to stay up with strangers -- controlled, to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make more citizens with less choices with less choices -- to be able to be complex.
All of these techniques that I've been designed to be designed to help the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their data, or for people who are going on.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being able to get care of it.
And the more expensive we are in our better choices we can be able to protect the art of the place.
Thank you very much.
In the 1970s, in the United States, if you had a machine to write it to the government of the government.
It had to take a set of example of an example for the machine.
And so this is why the government could take the order of the texts.
If you found a written with the wrong message you could be able to take the size to the order of the idea.
In the West we don't understand that somebody could do this, so much that this is going to look at the freedom of experience of it.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a little bit of any big collaboration of any big market of any big thing, and you put a page -- that page will end up having a lot of printed yellow polls in every page that you get a pattern that makes them a few of them from one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to get a lot of about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us.
And it's one of the three main causes in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online we can add the attacks on their ancestors.
There are three main groups.
These are the criminals.
Like Mr. Dan Gandhi from the city of Kenya, in University.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys get money.
They use the cards to make a lot of money, you get a lot of contents.
There are really a lot of millions of millions of millions in line -- molecules, who make money with their attacks.
This is Virgin Tanger, from Tasmania, Steve.
This is Alexander Google.
This is Steve Walk.
This is British Stephen.
These are Martin Anderson, Tanzania Alexander, and so on.
These guys are doing their guys online, but they do it by the mistakes in the line and they do it by the moral trains to run money out of our own.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, a two months ago -- I was able to hear the South Japan, and this story was 14, and this was 17 million dollars when it was controlled.
The Dr. James started surrounded.
And I say that today is more likely to be a victim than any of us will be victim from a real crime than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of them will happen online in line.
The second group of attacks that we look at today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moving them, they give them the protests, they give them the operations, they give them the risks.
groups like Alexanders have gone down in the last 12 months including a paper in the line.
Those are the three main ancestors, the creatures that do it for money, the markets like Antarctica that do it to protect and the last group are the national states that they were attacked.
And then we see cases like Derek.
That is a good example of government attention against their own cities.
Did this is a number of control control of the countries or actually it was.
And I would give you the last side because of a strange.
They took the security of the site and they put a box.
Last week I asked myself, in a meeting of the honest government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people in the attack to Danny.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die in the cause of a this?
Discovery is a conservative device.
They sell completely.
So what do the computers look like?
Well, you need you if you have a website in the back of the statements, security sections like Germany.
I guess that they interact with an extraordinary amount of strange content.
And that they have to get up applications.
And in the case of Dictance happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prize and those things that have happened for example, in Egypt: England?
Well, in except the manufacturers took the size of the self-confidence Pole Editin in 2010, and during the top of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And in those patterns was this calculation called "Professors French.
And within that room there were a company of a company in the Aurope that had been sold to be sold to be able to come to a great scale of the citizens of the country of the country.
And they had sold this tool for the age of 2000, the Education government.
The company of the company is right here.
And it is, the Western governments give them tools to the useful governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Alexander, just a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago was found by the South School of the government government to make their own cities.
If you go up in a cool case, it's pretty obvious that their phone is interested in.
But today it's more there.
You get the connection to the Internet.
They are going to use even tools like the South School to influence our computer with a train to allow us to see all the community, and listen to the distribution online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Oh, it should be something bad -- but it really doesn't affect me because I'm a human city.
Why do you continue?
I have nothing to come up.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
The practice is not discovered.
It's not a question of the security against security itself.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2010, any right that we remember today, it will be forever.
What are we going to do in any future government, in a discovery that we could have within 50 years old.
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya, at the top of the National National Park.
These are the volumes of my dad -- in the bottom and the back of the view, the National Park Park.
The National National Park doesn't have close in the biggest part of the sun, which means that it means that animals are going to go out of the back of the park.
And dependent, like the letters, you know, and this is what they do.
They kill our garden.
This is one of the ones that killed on the night, and so soon we go up in the morning and we found it a dead -- because it was the only end that we have.
My community, markets, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we use them so much.
So I grew up with a lot of the letters.
They move them out are governments that protect our community and the gas, and they're also wrong with the problem.
So they kill letters.
This is one of the six pounds that killed in Nigeria.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years -- is responsible for their father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use future, because I thought I thought that the laws would give them fear.
But I realized that it's actually not serious -- because it even helped the laws to look at the side of the far.
I don't remember me.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to get the laws to believe that I was close to the state.
But the laws are very smart --  They came up with the first day and they saw the spiritual -- and they came out, but the second day, they came back and they said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
So one night, I was walking around the state with a application and that day the laws didn't come from.
I found out that the laws have fear to the light that goes around.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interaction that I want to learn and get the lights down.
And this is a little piece of a risk line.
I love everything.
And as you can see, the solar blood is able to see the bacteria and the subject of the electricity to the little date back -- I call it a transportation.
And the red box makes the lights come up with it.
As you can see, you can see them out, because that's where the laws come from.
And so this is how you see the laws when you come from night.
The lights go down and they send the laws to think that I am walking through the state -- but I'm walking on my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to the legs with the letters.
And the houses of the birth had the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
And she had killed a lot of animals and I asked you if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
You can see them -- you can see the bottom -- these are the lights for legs.
Since then, I've been inspired by seven houses in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used now because of the whole Kenya, to make other depressions like hairs, lessons, and it's also using them in order to be able to spend the graphics.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a bone in one of the best schools in Kenya, British Internet Star -- and I'm very exciting.
And my new school is now helping us go down and to get to me.
I even took my friends to my community and we use lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the presentations of the knew spending my father -- and I used to look at the volunteers fly up, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come into the first time to TED.
My great dream is to come to be an engineering of advertising and painting when I grew up.
I used to go to the letters, but now as my invention is saving my father and the laws, we can be with the letters without any conflict.
And so what it looks like. What in my language.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like this.
So I got a letter. Richard Tory: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electric invention in the other electric invention to work.
What's the next in your list?
RG: My next invented -- I want to do a carbon car. CA: A car carbon?
RG: I know that they were invented in the electronics -- but I want to do the one.
CA: I already tried it once again, right?
We are going to open up in every single step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "No "Incredible notion."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of King Iraq, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that North America, North South of South America, Japan are the enemies.
But even though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North North of North America, until all of it changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experience.
But I thought I thought my life in North North of North America was normal water.
My family was not poor and I had never spent honey.
But one day, in 1990, my mom brought home a piece of the color of my sister.
I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we have not food in the two last week.
We are responsible together in the floor and our bodies are so close, that we're ready to die."
I was very alternative.
It was the first time I heard people were happening in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking in front of the train system, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory me.
A woman without life was dead in the street, having a high child in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about finding them and their family.
A huge hole in North America at the middle of the North New.
At the end, more than a million Americans died during the hunger, and just a few they had been able to eat passion, insects and trees of trees.
They were also made more and more often the energy of energy, all around my way all around the night in the night except for the lights of the sea in China, just growing the river from my house.
I always asked you why they had light and us.
This is a successful picture of North North in the night in the night compared to the neighborhood countries.
So this is the Rick Linus, which is going to be a line between North North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very exciting in certain points in some point, allowing us to go up in the statements of self-conference.
But many die.
Sometimes I look at our bodies playing in the robot.
I can't reduce the details of how it came from North North of North North of North North of the North North, but I can just say that for the years, I was sent to China to live with a little bit of landscape.
But I just thought that I would be sitting from my family for a short time.
I could never have thought that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would like to be like the same way.
But then I learned that it's not just very difficult -- but also dangerous -- because the North robots in China were considered incredible income.
And so I was living with a convinced fear that my identity was represented, and it would be religious to a horrible design in North North of North North of North North of North North of North America.
One day, my worst barrier became reality -- when I went up by the Chinese police and I was interested in the police line.
Some of them had taken me up to being North -- then they had my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was attacked.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it doesn't seem nature, it could be applied and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I managed to control my emotions and the questions.
At the end of the international interview said to another one, this was a favorite report. She's not normal?
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some of the rules in China are looking at the strangers in the strangers of the strangers in the short back.
But many of you can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women had a lot of surface.
And even though they were able to get them out, they were eventually free after an international question.
These guys didn't have so much surface.
Every year, you know North America are capitalized in China and decisions to North North of the North -- where they are training, which are advanced or excited in public people.
And so I was going to get a speed in speed, a lot of other Americans have not had so much.
It is transformative that the Americans have to take their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, all your world can take in a instrument.
This is why after 10 years of taking up my identity -- I decided to be able to go back to South South of the South America.
And I started a new life again.
In North South of the South South was a much greater challenge of what I hope.
The English was very important in South America, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all corruptions, but in the inside of that, we have been going to be very different because of 17 years of distance.
You even get a crisis.
am I surprise or normal?
Where am I am. Who am you?
So there was no country that I could call it with proud of me.
And even though they get to life in South South of the South Stanford was not easy -- I started to study for the experiment of income to the University of the University to the University of the University.
Just when I started taking my new life, I got a classical called a slide.
And the New York users in North America found some money that I sent to my family, and as a colleague, my family was going to be determined to the force to a collection in the outside.
They had to go out of increase in it.
And so I started to plan how to help them out.
The North America have to travel long differences in the way to the freedom to the freedom of the way.
It's almost impossible to reach the face between North North and North South of the South South of the South South of the South South of the South America.
So indicated, I took a fly to China and I loved to the front with North North of North North of North North of the North North.
Because my family couldn't talk about, I had to get them up, in some ways, for more than three miles through China and then through the South Archimed.
The journey in authorities took a week, and we were almost carrying several times.
One time, our bus was determined and brought through a Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police is.
He asked the identity of all, and I started to ask them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a risk.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I immediately put me up and told him that they were supported people who was acceptable.
And I looked at it and I looked at me but fortunately believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Christians.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to support the foundation games in Christians.
But even after I spent the friend, my family was free and started to bring up the front increase.
After I pay a few and a half -- my family was free in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and started again.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to free my family, and we were so close to my family and my family was recorded in a picture of the Boston of the South State.
I was going to come between the office office and the police of the police of the police -- and I really tried to free my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more supermarkets or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man would say, "What is the problem, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a destruction would care about it.
And with my English poverty and with a digital, he explained the situation -- and he explained the man -- the man was to the collection and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two children and get them out of private.
I got to my heart -- and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the normal people.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
The automobile surrounded a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the back of the destructions and the support of international community are really the hope of hope that the normal village needs to.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I came back in North South of the South South.
But it will get your freedom to be just half the battery.
A lot of Americans are sitting out of their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
And so we can benefit from the international community with education.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are going to go in contact with family with families still inside it, and we take information and money that is helping us change North North from the North front of it.
I've been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help. I've got a lot of help in my life, so I want to help us give us a chance to protect the international support with international support with it.
I'm sure you're going to look at more and more North profits around the world, including in the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in New York City.
So this is Central South Stars, and you have a quick food -- for a quick food, forests for farmers.
So the plants of the city came up and they thought, we're going to change the name of center and so that it represents something else, so they changed to the South Angeles, as if this would take out what is actually wrong with the city.
This is the South South Anderson.  You have a little bit of little fast, for a fast footprint, forests.
At the same one that 21 million other Americans -- live in a fingertips of food -- the Antarctica Center of the food places to take and eat in the car.
And the right thing is that the food places to take more people to make more people than food in the car.
People are dying out of heart disease in the Anderson Center South South.
For example, the rate rate in my narrative is five times older than we say, Berkeley Higgs, which is like 15 miles of distance.
I was able to see that this happens.
And I asked myself, how do you feel if they didn't have access to food food, and if every time you come home to see the dance effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see streets of drivers and sold as cars used to be used with them.
I look at the dollars of distance as Stanford.
And I think this has to stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And so I had already been able to make 45 minutes of idea and go back to buy a shot that doesn't have prisoners.
What I did, it was to plan a food for my house.
In a land of land we call a short.
It's about 45 percent of me.
The point is that it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I come to you in gas, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and me, Christian Green, and we started to plan our food for food trees -- fragile trees -- you know, the new full serious.
What we do, we are kind of a group of groups of the profits of all the proteins of all the processing, from all the city and completely vulnerable and all we do is free for it.
And the dance, I was beautiful.
And then some of you are standing up.
The city came up to me and at the end of the time that I had to go up and say that I had to break up my face, the circuit was made a close or a computer.
And I said, "Let's go up, right?
A close order to plan food in a piece of land that no one impossible?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, they were looking at it.
Because this time was not going to happen.
Law.
We had the vision in our hands.
My contrast even called to say that they were going on and they were looking at what we were doing.
I mean, why not?
LED: It's the U.S. city in the United States.
It has 18 miles of the short terrorist.
That goes to 20 percent.
That is enough enough to plan 330 million tons of table.
Why don't you look good this?
It would take a plan to give a few of them a thousand sea.
When a dollar dollar will give them 75 dollars a day.
It's my hand, when I say to people, you put your own food.
You can collaborate your own food is like making your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there.
I was going to be part of this reality that was made for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I am an artist one.
The short is my graph, I cut my art.
So as a graph of architecture, which is going to be a sea, which is the strangers -- I'm going to be surrounded by the strangers, strangers.
I use the step, the land as a piece of fish, and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees are my employees.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do if you let it be your fish.
You can't just imagine the amazing thing that it's a slide and how it affect people.
What happened?
I'm a story of how my daughter became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the complexity of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
It will be surprised to see how the kids affect them.
The short is the most terrible and protection that you can do, especially in a street.
And you get freedoms.
I remember one of them -- who came up a mother and his daughter -- they were like 165,000 in the night and they were in my shoe, and they go out and look very strange.
I mean, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
And I sat up to see people who were so close to me, and this only turns out why I do this, the people ask me -- the people ask me, "Final" -- don't you have people are going to break your food?
What I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that you're going to get the box."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to get your health health."
There was another ones that I put a dance in a reflection in the center of Alexanders.
They were these guys who were helping me to stop the way.
It was fascinating -- I was sharing his stories about how this had been affected and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fascinating to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
This is how Greenance Grands has come to plan maybe 20 dollars.
We've had -- as a 50 people who come together, work and participate, all of them in a flying way.
If the kids are coming together, the kids are going to eat corner.
If you take taxisters, you will eat tables.  But if nothing of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, they eat the blind what they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're constructed. I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, that I don't take them up to any side.
With the short, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are going on their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Walk California.
But if we don't change the complexity of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plan all of a kinds of strangers, where people can share food in the same way.
And I want to bring them together and turn it into the health.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things -- because it's not surprised.
And the curiosity of substance, is that you have to show them.
So what I'm talking about is to put people to work to people, to get the kids in the street -- that you know the grandmother, the proud and the honor of taking their own food -- open markets of authority.
What I want to do here -- we have to make it sex to me.
I want all of them to become an economic refugees -- speeding, spinal shoes.
We have to change the government of what's a look.
If you're not a slide, you're not a spinal.
And that the teachers take their ball right?
And that is their electronics of choice that that is his electronics.
Instead, if you want to get with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in the cameras and have resources to talk about doing some -- to talk about doing a little bit.
If you want to look at it, they come back to the shoe with his hand so that we can plan something.
Person. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Man story?  (Audience: (Audience --  -- probably everyone will agree with me in which this is a very nice car.
It's made out of water, and this is a good material to determine, but it doesn't always be in days like today, where it comes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the scale that I survive.
And especially if you go down in their biological biologist, you know, this is not very advertising.
It can be a lot of race.
It's a right material and if we build cars, like in the Bankers -- very close to the cities, we wanted a similar card.
And the solution for that is to do a little bit of body parks.
The point that we use now in the majority of the Cars Bank, and the water can go through it and the water can go through it, so all the water water to go down to the side and you have a career that it is easy to do, and they will not get water never more.
The noise is also going to get up in these time.
Because it is very horrible, all the reason to get up, so it's a very simple car.
It also has tensions, of course, and the depression of this career is that you can get up.
What is that? You see that in this career the surface of the surface goes up.
First of all, you get a few more and more and more and more and more and more, and then well, I will not do that.  But they can give you his particles, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh, it's ready here.
Banga, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day is in this materials.
This is a point -- as I said, so it just has a little amount of application between the pieces.
Because of the international light, to the opportunity, the operation, this blood, this battle, the party between the rivers, and if you get up, you will get microbes and get out of the advertising.
So, if you go through the car, you will get the applications, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about abstraction materials of application.
If we can get this material to get up, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it to be able to use surgery, and we can cut up the surgeon in a very small tribes, and we can take those little pieces with the battle.
And so we have a little bit of a little bit of strange boats in it.
Then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use to continue, a computer machine.
The individual can come out, especially the arm, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to take the arm, you will give the battery, the beauty will go through these microbes and the legs are going to go back to the surface.
Today I used a mine of microbes -- because I can't bring the great computer machine here to the stage.
This is a similar system.
I put the show -- I'm now going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government, they actually saw our results -- and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So you give us a piece of card, 400 feet from the 1870s, where we had to make a face of trial to test this material here.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the card, and then of course, this career will give a number of years without any day. That's what we know about practice about.
We take a lot of shows from this career and we put them on the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of carbon in them, we put them up then with our computer machine and we get them back and get them back to it.
We can remember this a lot of times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we have done a material by using a matter of arms, by using these forces -- using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the right, even they can actually draw the life of the surface of the surface of the surface.
And now, of course, they have critical of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot here.
In fact, you have to figure out the first before I can show you how they act the relationship.
But I'm going to do an attempt to do.
Let's look at it. Yes, work.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the journey in my house.
My father was listening to Big New neurons in his little grandmother right.
I had a great sign in his face that was unusual in those time, because the news are really depressed.
"The tables are being been been been been been been been born?
I didn't know what it means, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning you never forget of.
A real school.
You see, I was six years ago when they get out of Afghanistan and they made the idea that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to scale my older sister -- that I couldn't be used to go out and go to a secret school.
It was the only way that both of us could be able to tell them.
Every day, we had a different line so that no one could say where we were standing.
We had to run the books in the market of the market so that it seems to be computers.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a little room.
It was addicted in the invention -- but extremely hands in the summer one.
We all knew that we would take our lives, the teachers and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our
And in a time when the school was used by a week, because the tables were supposed.
We always asked us what they knew about us.
Would they be following?
Did you know where we live.
We were advanced, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was approached and the kids a school.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total control of a market protection of Afghanistan individuals in that his daughter -- my mother was to school, and so his father was represented.
But my mother was turned up to be sample.
This is it.
It's going to go back two years ago, just to become our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their children, even though the tables -- despite the risk of the risks despite the risk of the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to education his children.
For the years, I remember there were times that I was very proud of our life and he was always started and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Man: I would lose everything you have in life.
You can run your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to continue?
Today I have 23 years.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by the war of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the balloon, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found up here in Millis Columbia.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- the one that was taken from his home for the way to education his children, was one of the first ones to be able to be able to face.
He doesn't just come out of my college team, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I bring it back by the streets of Karl.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I'm the global bank of 100,000 -- a global company to education women.
It's because of the single subject, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country that is still risk for the girls going to school.
And the exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the desire to take the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as the ones -- they get up for them, and even in front of a device opportunity.
As Alexander. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face but Alexander is the father of one of my students.
less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out of the way to his village -- and literally they were able to be approached by a book in the way, for minutes.
When you get up to his home, they are the phone -- a voice gave him that if I kept looking at his daughter to school, they would get to try it.
You know, you know, if you want -- he said, "But I don't give the future of my daughter for his old and ready ideas."
So what I've given from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is formed in the West -- is that behind most of the ones -- there is a father who wrote the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her their own success.
I don't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first conditions of the future of the future future of their kids, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
By the way, the girls who were going to school in hundreds of hundred -- remember, was important.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find that Americans see the favorite of change.
It turns out that these changes don't get a lot, after the reverse of the U.S.
But when I came back to Afghanistan when I look at students in my school and his parents who get up by them, that I see them -- I see a critical future.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive positions, and every day the Shanghai girls will remember it.
Like me, they sound in big.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the experiment, "Hollywood, recognized Gandhi.
But you never get a statement that is going to be a Greentrash Report.
They have spent almost two years since I put the white revolution inspired by the marketing models of massive revolution as well as the Education.
A force with a lot of other books -- within and outside of the country to call a day, and I would find a revolution against the terrible reserve of Gandhi.
And we did it. It was a great revolution of it.
women.
They have shown a room that is going to be able to face the distance of Gandhi.
They have shown a great sense of solution from the Middle East -- to the surface, to the sun.
Finally, after a six months of six months of open war and a few of them about 50 dollars, we were able to release our country and go to the size.
However, Gandhi left a piece of strange, a strange legacy, collaborative and sea sea.
For four decades -- the terrible line of Gandhi designed the infrastructure and the culture of the moral society.
You know about the desperation and the challenges of the challenges -- I've wanted to have a lot of other women -- to solve the civil civil society -- which is going to be an early transition and right towards democracy and national relationship.
They were started about 200 organizations in Belline for it, and immediately after the Gallo of Galleries.
After a 32 years of extraction, I went back to Liberian and with a single excited, I started to organize the devices about the development of capacity, and about devices.
With an incredible group of women we put the Pole of women -- a movement of women -- a model of women -- leaders -- a very different profession, to get up for the social context of the woman and for our right of the food of democracy in the building of democracy.
I found with a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment that was more and more politically, which is model from the political policy and exploration.
With the time, our innovation was spreading and success.
The women would get a 15 percent of the National Congo in the first five years.
However, at the top of the choices and the revolution as a all, they were destroying -- all the days we found of violence.
One day we showed up with the news of the ancient metaphor of the ancient metaphor and the surfaces of the self-consumption.
Another day I went up with the news of the American pollution of the United States and the attack to the contrast.
And another day we tell us with the news of the face of the army arms.
And every day, every day we get up with the government of the military and their controllers of the human rights of the prisons and their lack of the law of the law.
Our society is made by a living mental metaphor, and it has gone out of the ideas and the beginning of freedom -- digital justice -- which we had to the beginning.
The interview, and the experiment and the sold became the concept of the consequences of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today to introduce you with our story of the success of the subject of the "similar" and the electrons.
More I'm here today to trust us that us, as a nation -- we can take the wrong.
We don't do well.
Because the choices didn't take the peace and the statistic and the security to Liberia.
The list of the start and the alternative between data and cancers brought peace and national responsibility?
No, they didn't do it.
So what happened then, what happened then, what happened in it?
Why is our society is still published and dominated with political political politicians and exploration, so many men like for women like for women like for women.
Maybe what was not just women were not just women, but the female values of compassion and income and income.
Our society needs the national distance and the creation of understanding more than you needed the choices -- that only replaced politics and distance.
Our nation needs the quantum religion of how much more than you need to need the nuclear representation of it.
We need to stop being able to be able to be able to act and call it to days to go.
We need to begin to be able to be able to act as an increase of compassion and a military.
So we have to develop a female disconnect, which not only honor -- but also put in practice the microbes instead of the component, the color instead of the community, the including instead of the experiment.
These are the ideas that a Library, determined by the war -- it needs directly with the end.
Because the peace has a animal that comes out of the interaction and the alternative between the financial perspective.
That is the real crazy.
We need to look at that in a very existence way before we do it in social way.
In fact, with a version of the Collider Charles Paulo, it's the word of God Michael, "Allowants?
At the time, the word "Man: which is known in all the adventure transports, it has the same reason that the word "Morning -- similar the female and material -- which would take all the humanity that men and women, that all the trees and all the people have been excited.
And so, as the theory is going on completely the board, which grew up in the background, which is the diagnosis of compassion of compassion all the experience.
This is what you tell us, "My mission would take all the things out.
This is what it tells us like, "My microbes present on my bear."
And you can all get the thank you for the mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a state question -- which has a simple answer.
It's about the secret of the digital violence, and the question I'm going to do is the one that all do always do -- why do she come from?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who gets painting?
I'm not a professor, and I am not a social work, and it doesn't explain in digital violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell me.
I was 23 years old. I just had at the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York by my first work as a writing and exploration in the Secretary reserve.
I had my first supply, my first surrounding green Archimed American Antarctica, and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, a lot of times -- that I created my blood tribe, I was sent to the head with a pile, which is called a short panel of the horse.
The man who loved more than anybody in this world, I put a pile in my head and I love to kill more times than I can remember it.
So I'm here to tell you the story of "Look at "the story of "Look at a psychology, a psychological train, where you take every year and a million women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look at a kind of social violence.
I'm a line in New York University and I have a MIT in Mexico of the War Bush South South.
I've spent most of my career working for the company of the "World "Page, between them John James -- I read Boston and The Washington Port.
I took almost 20 years old, and we have three children.
My dog is a black baby -- and he continues a High House.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can be going on to anything, all the religions, all the religious levels and the education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that they all think the digital violence happens to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly it.
More than 75 percent of the markets are men -- and the digital open only happens in the right relationships and a lot of distance or so long or he said, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or hope to find violence.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be a man who got to him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women have three and a half years of age to be about three times more likely to be victims than other age, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are addicted every year by parallel, non-profits and architects in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about the digital violence.
I met I met in a cold and the neighborhood of it.
I was sitting on my side in the New York City.
He said two things.
The first one was that he was also going to come from a University of the University of the University and I worked in a very important bank from Washington Stanford.
But what I was interested in that first found was that it was ready and fun. And that looks like a field of the field.
I had a lot of big materials like markets, and a bad red boat, and it looks so disconnected.
One of the most smart things that I did, from the beginning of the beginning was to create the island that I was the distance of the paradigm.
He did it all over the beginning by putting in a profile.
We started coming out and I loved it all of me, which was list -- that I had gone to Haiti, that I put a passion to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know it all about my family, my successful, my subjects and images.
I thought I grew up in me, as a writing and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And so that was why the line in that school school and the work in Washington, and his future force had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first faith in any health violence is to save and do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to stop.
Now the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and leave the work of my dreams but I thought I had to make subjects for your paradigm, so I went up, I left my work and I met and I went together and I went together.
I had no idea that I was running in a "collection "collectively, which was coming out of your head in a physical train, financial and psychologists that have been presented by present.
The next step in the pattern of digital violence is to introduce the line of violence to see how she recognized.
And this is where they go into those prisons.
In how much we moved to New York you know, that site where I was supposed to feel that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel three piles.
One was in the face of the car.
Another one was under the shoes in our face and the third always in his boat.
And he said that I needed those prisons to the transportation that I lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe to me.
But those prisons actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read my hand, my life was already seriously, every single single day.
The first physical attack of Congo came up five days before our board.
They were the seven percent of the morning and still I had the camera.
Five days later, when the 10 minutes of my room had been destroyed, I put the neighborhood of my mother and my mother with him.
Even though I was going on, I was sure that we would live happy for always because I loved him and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very application.
It just had been very obsessed by the boat and the fact that a family with me.
I had been a similar action and never would make me give me day.
And I spent two times more in our middle of me.
The first time I was running up to a secret piece and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I would run a number of times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, delivering out of our minister -- and he went up with the traffic and I would take a Bill Mandela to the face.
And I was going to go up with one or two times a week for the next two years and a half of our material.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victim of digital violence or right at some point in their life, and the center of the control of information in information that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million children.
So actually, I had very good company.
And I went back to my question: Why do I come from?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was running from me.
At the time, I was a very strong woman in a deep man -- and it was the only person in the world that I could help him to focus on their demonstrations.
The other question that everybody does is, why does it just not go?
Why did I not do that?
So for me, this is the most sad question and paintings that makes people -- because you know, we know something that you usually continue, it's incredibly dangerous.
Because the last faith in the pattern of digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the attributes in the content of digital violence happens after the speed has been end up to the relationship -- after you get up, because then the antibiotic has nothing to lose it.
And then others including the person -- even after the adventure has come back to the statement, even after a financial resources of financial resources -- and the marriage of the family system of the family of the family and their children, who are usually forced by the games to spend time to spend the man with the man who went to their mother to me.
And so we still keep asking why it just doesn't come from?
I was able to go up, and I was able to go out of a last person that I came up with my business.
I realized that the man who I loved so much, I would have killed you if I had allowed him to be allowed it.
So I got the simple.
I told it all the way to the whole world, to my neighbors, to my friends and family -- and I am here today, and I'm here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to deal with the victims as specific symbols, which is a distance windows.
And the question, "Why do you go?
For some people is a way to say "The car is because of the self-consumption -- as if the victims we will be able to find out of men who want to find out.
But since I published "Look at "Love "Look, I've heard of stories of men and women who were also able to get out of the stories of men and women who were going on, and they were able to raise their lives and happy and happy as employees, wife and mothers and money, completely free lives -- like me.
Because it turns out that I actually am a victim and a surprise of a very typical violence.
I went back with a young man and a landscape and we have those three children.
I have that black balloon and also that minister.
What I would not come back to have never more, you know, it's a care painting starting to my head in hands of somebody who says I want.
At this point, just like you're thinking, "Hey, that's fantastic." Or "OK, what does it look like, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I make sure that there are a few people, that they are listening to me right now, that they're being made or that they were about small or they are advertising themselves.
The goal could be affected to his daughter to his brother, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put to the end of my particular love.
And I keep doing that today.
It's my way to help other lives, and it's my last generation to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The air is just in the simple.
They have the power to end up with the digital violence.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of the digital violence.
They go up to the light to the light talking about it with their children, their friends of work, their friends and family.
They replace his vision of the surface as great and exciting people, which have a future future.
They recognize the early number of violence to be able to be able to try and get up their scale and show the victims a safe room.
And we can turn our face, our months and our families and our families in the safe and patterns that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call it Cambridge Rosen, and for a time, I'm model.
In order to be present, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is a self-confidence test in the room because I should not have looked like this.  Of course, I've brought it together to change it.
This is the first changed change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of sure that you have a lot of lucky to try to try to be able to try it, I think.
If some of the women were taken when I came up, they don't have to say now, but I will find it later in Twitter at TED.
I also want to point out that I have the practice to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very interesting, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to be going on this supermarket for your head, because it's when you're going to go back from me, so they don't do anything as I got my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been perfect.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The learning is powerful -- but also surprising.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a neighborhood in real life.
I was totally increasingly, and the photograph told me that I would open up the space and that would take the head of the guy.
Of course, I save with surgery.
So today, to me, to be worth it means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a beautiful woman and white and white and in my local sector -- that's being a sexual guy.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in way.
The first question is, how are you going to be model?
And I always say -- and I always said, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason that I made me model is because they get the genetic level, and I'm the benefit of a generation, and maybe you're asking what this generation is.
Well, in the last few century we have not only defined the beauty as health and sixth and similar, which we're basically protected to stop, we also have been associated to a high and strange forest, to the happiness and a white skin.
And that is my generation that I've been able to take to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now showing up, and maybe there are a few ends of the way that they say -- wait -- there are Nigeria, Tanger, John Santashi, Linus General.
First of all, the happiness to know so much of the models -- it's amazing.
But I usually have to focus out that in 2010, a student of the University of New York City.
The next question that people are always doing is, can you be model when it is more?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be part of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a single characteristic carbon and poster, which would be impossible, because you would be the first one.
And if you after this particular list -- you still understand -- no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my blood.
Because I am not about nothing -- and you could be the reduction of revolution in the American Vietnam Vietnam or the extra experiment of HIV, or the next Steve Metro.
I will say that most of you want to be model is like saying that you want to win the law when you are more.
It's out of your control, it's surprising, and it's not a work that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because at the bottom of the heart surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once you have already had your studies -- and you have a carbon and a few jobs to your spaces, no matter what you say, if you say that you want to be part of the United States of the United States, but your curve said, "Morning computer for 10 years, people look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are related.
And yes, you can basically get up all the picture, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my perception.
I know we're going into the personal technology, but it was a child.
And so I read to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a few days before the pictures for the French Vountane.
So here I am with my team team and in the Vietnam Vietnam.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures that I'm not in those picture.
They are created from a group of proteins, films, markets, photographs and statistics, and all of their help.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get things from failure?
I have a lot of 20 tons of 20 -- and that I never use, except the couple before, but the teachers that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Canada, and once I went to a story and I was forget to take money, and they gave me the free search.
When I was a story, I worked with my friend who was a conservation point, and it took a red in red and of course, and of course, it would look at it -- and I just feel -- I'm going to be able to be able to go down.
And I enjoy these teachers for me, not for what I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York City and last year, from the age of the age of the ones that are going on and recorded, 87 percent were black and started, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 135, young black people in New York City -- so for them, it's not a question of me --   ...
But how many times I'm going to show you, and what?
And when you go to this talk for this talk, I found out that at the age of five percent of the 12 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes back to 76 percent to 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more dead, and you have the biggest balloon, you feel very happy and worse.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also incredible power to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens -- because what we never say in front of the cameras -- which I have never told you in front of them, is, I'm installating.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more advanced legs and the most big hand, it will be more happy.
They just have to get with a group of models -- because they have the most big legs -- the most brilliant and the moral corner to the way, but they probably are the women in the planet.
But about everything was hard to send a social chance of a giant and a game of the grandmother and the generation when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk -- I hope that all of you are more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perspective that we have from success and the failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to take a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 percent of my 15 major pictures -- and I didn't go out with them.
There were no artists -- and there were no artists -- no chance to represent the photos -- not even a heart of the career in the shark.
In fact, most of them took them back to the street.
My story starts when I first started in the city of New York to give me a potential, my wife took me this picture on the day of his first child. That's the station of the 17 and five percent.
He gave the ability that we went back to New York right now a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter said, my wife said, why don't you take you to New York to New York in a Paul journey and you keep the river?
So here is when we started to ask the terrorists that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the genome of taking the camera to a whole whole conservation is so university to be.
No one has ever been born and fortunately, no one has been done with the camera.
And so we were not aware of how much of us would change the life this journey.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 1980s, and I had to explain my daughter what had happened that day that a five years of five years could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than it is a lot more than a moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of open and to make us mean about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always get the same picture -- our perspective, and my daughter comes up with new hands, and I can see life through their eyes and how you think of it.
That time that we spend together is something that we hope with immediately all the year.
It recently, in one of the journey -- we were going on, when it suddenly was destroyed, and it was sent in the side and it turns out a red room of the storm that I had a little bit of a little bit of strangers in the before.
And I wrote what had been feeling about five years of feet in that same place.
And I started his heart head with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are university -- because it's decided to study in New York City.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the remember of them.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be aware of it.
I don't know about these 15 photos -- it doesn't go in many of the family pictures.
I am always the one that comes on the picture.
Today I want to find you all to go up in the picture, and they don't have to come to someone and ask you, do you get a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species in the world.
The balls are in the most strange ice group.
First of all, why do you have so bad pressure?
It also has been associated with Delime straight signals as mental characters -- speeds, specifically.
More recently, if you have been following the printed printed printer and supports and solids, these are the antibiotics that are going on with the Park Park. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know what?
Because the members of the Park don't keep the environment --  The particles don't help prevent the disease.
They are mentally.     And --  And my favorite -- the balls have better pressure --    There are two kinds of balls in this planet.
There are the New world the New world in the United States that are mostly in the America and the careers and the cars of the old world, where we have 18 species of these 16 species -- 11 percent of a high risk of attention.
So why are the basis important -- first of all, they are going to be able to create visual economic services -- Liberian.
These are our natural robots, and these are our natural banks.
They live up to the bones.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- help us take up the night that it will not be outside of them, and it would cause great loss of paintings and disease in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no balls, you take them from three to four times more time in determined, and this has huge robots in the disease of disease.
They also have huge history.
They have been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
New percent was the symbol of the product and the material and the colleague, and along with the corner, they were used to the community between the High and the Bang English.
And in the horrible mission -- Japan was the book god, and he reaches his life to save the Girl Democratic decision of the 10-year-old death.
In the top culture -- they do a very important thing to the open sky -- in places like the Test, there is no place to understand the death, or a way to get them up, so these galaxies are making a natural exploration.
What's the problem with the balls."
We have eight species of balls in Kenya, which six are in the end of the extraordinary extra.
The reason is that they're being understood -- and the reason they are being understood is because there are conditions between humans and formation. The plastic communities use this comes against depressions, and as a result, the bacteria are victims of this.
In the South America, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of balloon and Pakistan, four species of benefits are in the critical line of extraordinary, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old -- and the reason is because they fall out of the content that has been treated with an antibiotic drug like Deliciency.
This drug has been profitable to use in India and have taken a point.
Since there are no balls, there has been a protection in the number of the paintings in the networks of candidates -- and when you have strangers -- you have a huge amount of time for robotics. The number of robots has been excited in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the world's world's world's world's world's world's world's largest particles are going to be on the Alex Stephen.
I'm not against the electric energy -- but we have to work with governments -- because the elements are doing this to the barrels. They cut them for half of it.
They are traditional trains.
In Western Africa, there is a full company of dead banks to be able to be able to go into the boat and the marketing market.
So what are you doing it? Well, we are involved in these birds -- we're putting it up with traditions.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so to focus on a problem that is not going to be not going on.
We have to work with governments in religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about being able to be able to get into the backs, about the need to get these wonderful creatures and the services that are going on.
How can you help us, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with his government and tell you we have to focus on these very constructive consequences -- I'll give your time to make the word to make the word -- Derek the word.
When you go out of this room, you will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go on it, but they talk to their families with their children, with their neighbors on the backs.
They are very exciting. Charles Darwin said that he changed the operation because I saw them without effective, without energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do properly, my life, has been moving for seven years of work for my window in Africa.
Of course, to 1977, I read a young one, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zark, Kenya, Congress College and Santa and Santa and South American projects with African countries.
I worked for a stage NASA -- and every project that we live in Africa.
And I was a present.
And I thought, at the age of 21, that the animals were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And instead of that, all we had we had we had we had we had we had it.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book, "Oh "The Richard -- it was a project where some of us decided to teach the people in Zimbab to complete food.
And so we came up with sales in the South Sterness to this absolutely wonderful fly that you go down to the Zilland Rock, and we teach local tools to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, for what we were going to do to come to work, and sometimes they do not happen.  We were surprised that the local -- in so critical value, they had not had a authority.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that it was possible for us to do anything, we just said, thanks to God that we're here --   "And time to save people in the Hillin of the Hollywood."
And of course, everything in Africa is going on.
So we got these grandmother grandmothers. In Italy, a guy will grow up to this size -- in Zark, to this size in Zarkey.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying we were saying to the shoes, "You see what easy is an automobile."
When you take the tables were black, man and red -- in the night at night in the morning -- about 200 we've got out from the river and they started everything --  and we said to the shoes, my God -- the heads -- the heads."
And the ships said, "Yes, so we don't have antibiotics here --  "Why didn't they say, "You never ask him anymore?
I thought that only we were going to put up in Africa in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing -- what the engineers were doing -- and then what they did is, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zark.
Because you see, at least we feed the shortcomes.
You have to see the discovery --  -- you should see the drugs that we are going to use to people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "Diagnosis Debatter Debatter, economically changing.
The book was published in the 20th century.
We countries, and we have developed the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has changed.
They just read their book.
It will take a part of an African woman, the day that we've done.
We are intelligently, marketing markets, and we treat people only two ways, or we are paintings.
The two words come from the "nature of the "nature carbon pathway?
However, it means two different things.
Pathway, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children.
Pathway, I try to all of a different culture of a different culture as if they were my situation.
So the white in Africa are called "Blowing -- biology.
That book gave me a box in the face -- "The small is beautiful, I wrote by Santa, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is responsible.
This morning, the dream that I opened up this conference put a based on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not nervous?
I decided at the age of 24 years just to respond to the people, and I invented a system called Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's students where you have never heard nothing -- you are not going to go to anyone -- but it becomes a series of local passion -- the series of local who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It was street.
And then it comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of local people.
We didn't work from the office, we don't work.
We got in a career. We got a back.
We have an infrastructure one.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the passion is.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for your own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for your own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge, but knowledge is definitely.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, but not in the community technologies.
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with the community recognitions.
The companies are never going on, and they will ever say, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what the opportunity have ever identify with.
So the plant has this strange point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get to their public relationships.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new planet.
The teacher is the family doctor of the company -- the family of the business of the business -- the family of the business of the business -- in the table of his career, in the car, and that helped him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
And I started this as a test in hope -- the city of the West America.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get out of this short start in which we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in the ball, and the government came to see to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I did something very, very hard to do.
I got up and I heard them.  So   So the government says, "Hey again?  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from surgery.
Peter December, one of the world's most great companies of the story, he went to the 99, a few years ago.
Protection December was professional teacher before I was involved in the business, and this is what Paul December, "The plan is actually interviewing with a society and an economy of innovation economics.
The plant is the bottom of the death of the spiritual space.
And so now you are looking at Christian without knowing what the most exciting people in Christmas want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come together with you.
You have to offer consequences, private, it has to be fantastic to help us, and then they will come up, and then they will come up in the way.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 cents together.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and the passion?
What are you going to think about this morning?
And local local people. That's what you have approached.
So what I tell you about is that the specific space is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution in the very first industrial researchers -- manufacturing -- and for a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
And the Internet computer is not sustainable.
It is a way that we have a way to support machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider -- it's how we are, we come on, we communicate, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest technology for the green revolution research? </s> Germany."
Good? Good."
You will be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There is a strange story that was in a future research that is a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invented to describe the future of New York in the year 1980.
And in the year 1960, you get this group of people -- and they had this group of people -- and they were able to show that to the city of New York in 100 years, and the control was controlling -- the city of New York doesn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the culture and selected, if the population gets growing up to the population of New York to the areas, they would take six million gentlemen, and the strategy produced by six million tons would be impossible to get up.
They were already striking in strategy.  And so in 1980, they were looking at this technology technology that would solve the life of New York City.
So what does it happen? In the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States they came up in the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely disconnected, and there were very few -- stars, factories in support places.
Department, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with the controls.
First of all, you have to give them the consequences.
In another way, they will not come back with you.
And then you have to offer an absolute -- decision, serious service for you.
And then you will have to tell you the truth with it to understand it.
The smaller company -- the largest company -- it has to be able to do three matters -- the product that you want to sell it has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic revolution, and you have to tell you with a very financial display for it.
Do you know what?
We have been known to a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We have been involved and looked at the 100 common companies of the world, Gandhi, English, English, all the new companies -- Google China.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was involved by one person.
Just the word "Man: but the word "We would say, 35 times.
He wasn't just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone. No one starts one.
So we can create the community where we have factories, who come from a little business of small business sitting in cars, and they are going to go down to their declines who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talked about this policy, someone who asked you to you, what does it do?
What can you do? Can you do that?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the money, can you look for the
"Oh, no, I can't do that.
We act community.
Thank you.
And those of us can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the numbers, so we don't get a lot of knowledge in order to share the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neurons in public space, with simple tools like stages, therapies and straight.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neurons for their particles?
How can we pay and ask more things not to call the door in a bad time?
How do we share more remember of our building buildings and understand better our landscape?
How are we going to share our hope to the lives so that our communities can represent our needs and subjects?
I live in New Angeles and I'm sent from New York.
My village is always attacked with the giant robots that give them a sea and stars and sounds from a century in a city.
It always gives the music to the music --  there is a depression in New Yorkers.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture of the world, but also one with the biggest amount of problems in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a higher space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life for forever.
In 2008, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John as a mother for me.
His death was represented and installation.
I thought a lot in death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death
And this makes me a deep profound for the living time.
He gave care of the significant things of my life.
But I grew up to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day by day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transform the wall of this house attacked in a giant garden and put on her fragments for complexity, before I would die I want.
This is how they can take a bird, to represent about their lives and share people in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day that the wall was represented and he was striking up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
Before I die I want to be a pick on the box."  Before I die I want to sit up in the line of the chance of the face."
Before I die I want to keep a millions of people of people.
"Before I die I want to plan a tree."
Before I die I want to live outside the network."
And before I die I want to take it back over again.
"Before I die I want to go to the response of somebody else.
Before I die I want to be completely myself.
So this space was attacked and the dreams and the dreams of the people made me go back to careers, and they gave me up and they gave me in hard moment.
It's about knowing that one is not just -- it's trying to understand our neurons in new and strangers -- it's about giving care of religion and content, and to remember what the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civil center we did a biology and now have been done in countries from all around the world, like Karl, South Africa, South Africa and more there.
So let's show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution is more important than never -- to find the ways to build the perspective and remember that life is big and depressed.
The death is something that we often live to talk about, or even think, but I understood that we're going to pay for death is one of those things that are more powerful to us.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can represent better than we care about as individuals and as a community and as a community and as much as a community and a community and more media to share hope and stories and stories and the people that run us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single situation.
Please tell me that I'm a normal one.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my hands.
It comes up with 24 years old, it's high and very home.
I don't talk about it, but it turns out better than some of the best organisms.
I know what the love.
I would share it in the same thing that happens.
It's not antibiotics. I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this, has never mentioned it.
When I got the streets of our infrastructure, trying to make words of the ones that I couldn't even get to you, I remember one thing -- the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be discovered.
Santa has 18 years old. It's a great thing.
It was the most important memory for me.
However, it is a secret memory me.
I didn't remember if I got my chair, but I remember the year that I came out every single single student in my idea, convinced when I had four years old, to make my arm in my arm during the first end of the Teslams and the Law Gandhi.
Do you not seem amazing to them.
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the concept of society of society, often they are constantly constantly constructed.
But what I put up to my heart and formed my size was that even if that was the case, even if you don't consider them within the original, that could only mean one thing -- that were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary one.
Now, for those less familiar with the term technology, it is a brain complete complexity that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes the physical skills to the physical skills.
In every single individual is married in a different way, there was so different than Santa.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you have a new case, and even though it's one of the drugs of the development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or care of it.
I don't tell me about my first point with the authority, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my sister came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When you spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me.
It was living in his own world, with his own rules -- with his own rules -- and I found a place in the smaller things, like putting the cars around the room around the room, and you look at the shoe and eat anything that would have been in front of me.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more evidence up.
But beyond the records, the drugs and the intelligent distance, there was something really unique -- a computer nature and international -- a child who looked at the world without pressure, a human being that I had never mentioned before.
Also.
I can't notice that there have been some hard moments in my family, moment in which I would have decided they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about the individual -- the communication and the love, and I realized that they are things that I didn't want to change by normal people.
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there is a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Reservative and San and you, it would be you don't have to be normal to be.
They can be extraordinary as well.
Because authority or not, the differences that we have. It's a door." Every one of us has a day in their inside and simply, the search of normal is the last part of the potential of the potential of the potential of the power.
The opportunity for the great, the progress and the change die in the moment that we try to be like others.
Please tell me that I'm normal to you.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what must have been like to be Alexander in the country.
And I was asked to be asked to me, a team of communication -- which gave a kind of communication to the engineering students of engineering student students to me.
And I was supposed.  And I was a truth of these students with their great mind, their great books and their great books.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Einstein should have felt when it comes to the hole of the corner and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised with the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think that the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are looking at our biggest challenges -- from energy to the environment and care of the health, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interesting.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invest to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please have a simple.
I want to share some security about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and their engineering is active.
The first question to answer is, and then what?
Let me tell you why science is related to us.
They don't just tell us that they studied the trees, but they study the trains, which are the stream structure of our bones because it is important to understand and to try to try and try to try to understand it.
And when you're designing their science, you care about the surface.
This is an object for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and technology, but why don't you say space and time that is much more access to us?
You make them accept is not the same thing to make them strangers.
At the end, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible. But not simple.
They can actually communicate their science without understanding the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They are ways to get up and focus with their content.
And when you present his work, you get out of the single signals of balloon."
They've been asked why you call balls called?  What do the balls do -- the balls kill and will kill their printer.
A picture like this is not only designer, but it gets too much in the area of the language of our brain and open us.
In change, this picture of example of generation is much more effective -- I show that the special structure of trees is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Earth Earth.
The touch here is to use a simple sentence -- that the audience can understand if the audience can understand if you lose a little bit -- and then you can provide groups that support our other sense, and they create a more profound sense of understanding what it looks like.
And I think these are just some key cells that can help us open the door and look at the country of the wonderful things that is science and engineering it.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have been used to be able to be able to be used by the middle of the media.   Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Discovery of English England is substantial."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Seeky means political politics."
Even though there was a personal education of the 19th century that was a lot of better when he said, "It's a subject that I would look for a public field without matter a particular thing, and it would be profit, and that, when it comes back, you get it through the use of a monology complete self-conflict."
I have no idea what it means for "the station."
One thing to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that words are the based on politics -- and that all the politicians know that they have to try to make the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1875 that the British Park allows the pieces to cut the words that they were told in the particular camera of it.
And all of this was thank you very much.
And they got in the Earth of London and they got up, but I had enough enough to focus on them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that you go back.
And just about a few years later, we had the first use of the front use of the frame "Step "Stress as the metaphor as the metaphor."
Most of you think it's literally literal.
It's not it. It's because of the freedom of exploration.
But to show you really how words and politics interact -- I want you to come back to the United States, just after the individual.
So, they had to take the question of how to call George Washington -- his leader is.
They didn't know.
How do you call a device of a designer country in a designers?
This was based on Congress for a long time.
They were prepared all kinds of security that could be fragile.
Some of you wanted to call it "The West Standard "The Warm All the other God, and others "Alle George Gandhi Wall, and other "Dead of the United States of the U.S.
It's not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "It "Secretary."
They thought that it was a quality of quality.
And not even with that was manufacturers, they had the idea that you could be able to be able to be able to come up with a deal on a detail.
And it could have been done.
All the whole world was controlling -- because this debate was ready for three weeks.
And the day of a poor sense, and I always wrote with this thing."
What I causes the room and the way it was that the Carrol Camera was in the States.
The Carrol California didn't want us to be able to be able to stand up.
And they didn't want to call it it for if I was going to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the most more modern, more immunity and more support that was going on.
And that task was "Are Prince."
President. They didn't invented the train.
It was like the price of an arm.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term or "Mostocian or "Many of the station."
There were a lot of very small collection of small colleagues and groups of government, but it was really a self-organizing teacher.
And so this is why the State came out.
They said, "It's rich, we can't call it."
This guy has to be trying to be trying to be trying to be able to get a bit of antibiotics with strangers."
And who's going to take it up with a little bit of similar and imagine as a principle of the United States.
And finally, after three weeks of debate -- the Sister didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the sitting has never been involved in the team of Prince.
And the President Bang Bang has been able to keep there, waiting for the State to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is technology.  It's possible that we keep waiting for 24 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you -- is that the United States.
On all if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads of device, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of the world tools and so on.
And the reality and the story have gone down to the grandmother of the great one.
So at the end of the site of the State.
They got their responsibility for responsibility for it.
And also the other worry of the Secretary, the surrounding of situation, well, it was a situation for it.
But you know how many nations have now present?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has about 5,000 nuclear head, etc.
So, at the end of the end of the Star and the Carrol Canada lost, because no one is going to feel human when they tell them that now are the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to make it form and control the reality -- but actually, the reality is much more the words than these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to meters under an idea of God.
The air is carrying and police and it's hard to respond.
I feel the red body in the device, but I can't see a lot more.
I hear voices that talk about, but about all, that catastrophe of male tables and pieces with private tools.
As the other ones -- I take a little light of light light on the head with this strange electronics, and I can barely measure the red relationships that are going to be the walls of that hole of a metaphor that took hundreds of meters in the Earth.
It takes up my hand and suddenly I remember a mine that I met days before, that I lost the control and heart installations at that time.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that time to get up their lives without pay and represented and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are part of the space.
In the last 21 years I was doing a national cultural culture in over 70 countries in six countries and in 2010, I had the great honor of being the only experiment in the Congo of Pakistan Park.
And in all the amazing people I met there I met to a statement of "The Star The Second Standa -- a NGO that is going to give up the modern space.
We started talking about the spirit and really, I started learning about spiritual because I knew that there is in the world, but not to such a group.
When we end up to talk to me to talk to me very bad -- I was able to find this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know.
And I was made up to me a stream and weeks later, I went to the Angeles to know the Diet of "The Street and to offer my help.
And so I started my journey to modern space.
It had been in a lot of these sites in a lot of these places.
In some of them, I even met them my second home.
But this time, it will come to the surface transports.
So a critical cancer says that there are over 27 million people in the world.
It is the twice of the amount of African Africa during the whole treatment of traditional spaces.
About 150 years ago, the cost of a critical scale was about three times the line of a U.S. work.
The equivalent to a couple of about 50 percent.
However, today you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a state of U.S.
So surprised, the spirit generate from more than 1,000 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been connected with a good education of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay -- under violence of violence and they can't get back.
So today the opportunity is going to be on the computer: the good games have value.
The spirit there is almost all over the world and yet it's an increase around the world.
In India, I met the short courses.
So this strange spirit is like going into the old Einstein or the Democratic Internet.
In a temperature in a 30-year-old temperature, men -- men in the fact that, in fact, family families in a piece of policy, and they have a manufactured market in their head, to 18 to the time, and they get them from the strangers to the statistics that are at hundreds of meters that are at hundreds of feet.
And they started on the mountain and the career work in simple, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 18 hours a day.
There was no patterns to eat -- not to eat -- and the security destiny made it to go out to be quite interesting.
And so painting was the heat and the police that my camera became too close to the team and I stopped going to work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work to work and make it work and do that, and I felt there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment that these people.
On the horses I wanted to fight but the antibiotic I was on my side quickly and he said, "Listen, don't do it. You don't do it."
And I explained very clearly that to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't give you a direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not cities of that country.
I could put it into a worse situation that they were already already there.
I had to trust me in "Arabia and work inside the system for his freedom and trust that you will get it.
In the way to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Hill, I found kids by taking kids out of miles for miles for monkeys to cars who were waiting for up.
Those great plants were more likely than the children who were able to get them and the kids get up to their head with cars with careers made on the cars and straight and stores.
It's hard to predict something so absolutely.
How can we influence in something so interesting, but so surprising?
Some of you don't even know that they are scales -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this life.
They have nothing to share with.
And when these students took their freedom down, the scales were straight by their house.
When you hear the straight word we often think of sex transportation, and because of this global consciousness I found that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina gave me women who had been pretty much about sex stages.
I was taken up by a lot of antibiotics that were going to be on this dream -- from a strong light.
It wasn't exactly a room.
It was more good at it.
Research, as you know in the office -- they're local for the forced problem.
They have little room, prisoners, where the women with their girls and kids, some of just seven years -- they are forced to understand the cells and to get them to buy more food and complete.
Every single person is dark and survival, identify by a perfect number on the wall and he died by a biological and a check.
The workers often have a sex secret to their clients.
So in the pen, I remember to have a sense of a self-construction temperature, and in that India, I could barely imagine what it must be going to be able to look like.
I just had a survival, the stars where I went in.
There were no doors there.
There had been no big enough.
Those people don't have scale, and because we take a little bit difficult -- it is important to be important to be able to make sure that the substance, even the sexual traffic -- happens to our around.
There are hundreds of thousands of people who are based on the agriculture -- in resources, in the digital service and the list can continue to.
And recently, the New York Times interviewed that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as a sex spirituality.
It's going to come up, but we don't see it.
The telescopes are another activity that we often read with the hand of the street water.
And I saw individuals in which there were family families in the top of the size.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are the father -- the blue water and the red of their children.
And they are going to get together in these big barriers and they put the sitting in the liquid to the end, but the train is the top.
My mind told me his stories.
We don't have a little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little said, they said, "You know.
We still hope yet, yet I could go out of this house and go to another place where we really pay us out our work.
And it turns out that there are more than 400 children in the Vietnam Viemon, the largest artificial part of the world.
When we came back, I went to take a quick view of it.
And I saw what it seemed like to be a fish of fish in a baby, two older kids, a few more young kids -- makes sense right?
Research.
The kids are sitting out of their traditional families -- determined and forced to work in these batteries in the back, and even though they don't know.
This child is eight years old.
When our book is going to be taken up, it was the way that his little heart was being surrounded.
I was prepared by the fear of the water.
And the top rates of the subject trees in the Vietnam Valley often took networks and children and the songs, and it would come up to the water to be able to be able to be able to stop the rooms.
A lot of you get up.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the line.
By the end of his love is not going to go out, and as all life has been treated with career, it's just about the most young steps under their motivation.
I met these kids at five in the morning -- when they were looking at the last networks -- but they had been working from the one.
In the night night and vision.
And it turns out that these networks spend more than 400 miles when they are full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koran.
Kong was involved in a piece of paintings.
I met it in a region in which he was going on the Star Search in the spiritual views.
Kenya signals the possible.
Who will be going to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life life.
It was coming by a career in Google with South Street societies in the Seattle -- a complete company with her motion of suddenly anger and supported our car and it takes the view.
It asked us to continue it for a way to the sea.
At the end of the way, it inspired us to go out of the car, and asked the computer to go out quickly.
And then I got this sense of self-confidence and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we began to go down, we take the strangers and after walking around the way and after walking close to a hour we found that the path was sent up by the rest of the records -- so I put the team of pictures about my head as we go into these water water to the piece.
After two hours of talk, the next way I ended up in a clear of it, and we had a bunch of holes that I could run in a field field -- and all of them were full of specific work.
A lot of women had children who had children who were sent to their spaces, and while they were looking at it, they were walking in water water with metaphor.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are based on a little bit in another part of God.
When they came out of the point they were involved in their own surface.
I remember that I looked at his eyes called the careers, straight since many had been under the Earth for 75 hours.
The pieces have to have to 90 feet and these people are going to take painting balls that are going to be brought to another area in which they can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to explore the journey.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and gentlemen, but if we look closer and we look at it to work to others less super-accomplishing and also children.
All of them are violent victims, disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely to be very likely to be done as this view of the training and the method in a few years.
This is Mary.
When you die your one, it makes a lot of the doctor of what force it to be speed in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 14 years and the lesson of the legs that you see here is a product of an action in the mine, so great that the doctors said that it should be foreign.
In addition to that, Martin has trains and not to that, it's forced to work night and day in that way.
Even like that, he goes up with being free and education with local activity of local activity like "The Seattle and it's this kind of detail, from face to a remote possibility -- what I was inspired with a lot of respect to you.
I want to take light on the space.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be able to give them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes it very hard to take things like the space.
These images are not residents. These are real people, like you and like me, that you look at the same rights and decline in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, markets, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images spend a force in people like you see them, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and that that force goes light on the space because without that light -- without that light.
Thank you very much.
I do allowing you and there is a property problem for who it does -- we are like the general controls.
No one knows what we do.
So today I try to try to explain to you what I do.
This is one of the most human activity.
It gives us the views of the beauty and the calls of classical -- that we're going to see more before.
But the beauty gives a group of extraordinary training -- a high level of destruction and probably certain early application that can have a genetic company.
All the neurons like the wrong of Parks destroyed this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend John Santa that, in his time, it was a village of bad.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in the treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are significant and they have to deal with a construction device -- terrorists, and other symptoms of this disease -- so we need objects to stop the disease before it is too later.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the way, and in suddenly the only way we know if there is actually a cost to be when we have a corruption of the objective and a serious.
But it's proud that for the Park and other designers of the movement of the movement there are no biological markets, and so they don't look at the blood animals and the best thing we have is a 20 minutes.
You have to go to a climate to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would take a hard journey to the climate -- what if patients could be able to do the example themselves.
You don't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 in the nuclear cell.
So what I want to introduce you as a way not to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try and you see -- we are all seen like my friend John Santa.
So this is a video of the virtual corners.
And it shows someone like a sound as it takes sound as you can talk to you, and we can imagine it as a variety of a virtual beauty because we have to put all those moral organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need -- the Park, for example.
And as the ball, it requires an extraordinary training level.
We think of the time that leads to a child to learn to talk about.
From the sound of the sound -- we can take the position of the local corners as you know, and so as the Park affect the extraordinary of the victims as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the virtual records of the virtual brains.
Let's see the same systems."
You know, victim, relatively reported and risk.
The distance becomes more useful and spreading after a story, and this is an example of the symptoms of the symptoms and this is an example of the symptoms of the situation.
How do you compare these experiments based on the voice with the climate clinical trials -- well, both of them are not investigated.
The neurons is not investigation. both of us use the existing information.
It's not need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
both of these are present. Well, but you can just have a value based on voice are not specifically.
I mean, they can be abstract.
They do very quickly. They take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a mind and we all know what happens.
And when something is a whole cost as low as it looks at a massive scale.
These are some amazing metaphors to get up.
And we can reduce the different disabilities of patients.
I would not have to go to the cell.
And with high food we could get open data.
We could be able to make a lot of under the cost for clinical trials and for the first time, and for the first time, factories to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first benefits of disease before it is too later.
And so when you give the first steps in that sense, we are taking the Venter Venter of Parkinson.
And I went back to Alexander and Paul, we want to take a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to bring these objects together.
We have local lines for about 400 million people in the world.
Anyway, with or no Parks, you can call it down and leave business for a few cents -- and I was able to find out that we've already got six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   He took Richard, by taking all these shows out of it, and we say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who right?
What are you going to do about these shows?
Mary Library? Yeah, yeah, what happens is that it is that during the call you have to do if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not get it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different citizens, and do it in different numbers is important because we're looking for the control of the control and the real materials of the disease.
E: Do you have 80 percent price at this moment, right?
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Taliban, I have to do it, has done a fantastic work, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network too, as well as the project.
Twitter.
MT: Of course.
E: Thank you very much. Maybe Liberian.
MT: Thank you, Talk.
First of course, I made a picture of pictures in New York City.
We are profitable creatures.
We are going to go in the dark -- in a few versus the sea and, by the way, we look at the solar light.
So we do the modern models still more detectors, and the perfect skin still even more perfectly, and the perfect skin is still more likely to do the impossible -- and we were growing up in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a true like the images and the picture.
The 11 percent part of part of 2010, I saw from my home, as the rest of the world, the events that are happening in Japan in Japan that the rest of the world.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there was Harvard Vollars, I was in the place working as part of the answer.
I mean, along with hundreds of other values we knew we couldn't get sitting in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 12 percent of the more travel to October.
This is a little village of legs in the front of the University of almost 50 people, one of the first people affected by the classroom.
The level of water.
As you can imagine, the village was destroyed.
We were going to go out of the cards and the storms.
We live school. We take the side and we leave the cars to be relevant and relatively relatively.
We are going to take tons of fish and fish periods, spinal, power from the local food.
We went up and they love it.
For weeks -- so many of them like the neurons found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cards and cards and strangers.
They all did the same thing.
And I'll take them back and take them into different places of the people around to make them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal loss that those people had been wrong.
As they get out of the village, and to save their lives, they had to take absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week I started helping in a center of the people.
It helped to look at the huge balls of the huge battery, the basic graphs.
This place it turns out to be about the place of the village where the center of evolution is going to come up the picture.
There they had them and I had the honor that that day would trust me in me to clean the pictures of the picture.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the experience to think beyond the horizons, but it was not until I'm going to try to take my bones that something happened.
When you look at the photos -- I found some of them who had over a hundred years, and I found some of them were at the top of the lab -- I couldn't be able to think about how to take that game and pick up that range and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so open and positive -- that I knew we had to try it.
So we began to cut the pictures for it.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had gone down the face of the girl had to get up with a lot of pressure and depressed.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as proud as having the stranger picture.
With the step of the time, they came for more pictures and they needed more positive and they were needed to go back in Facebook and Linual and five days later than 80 people of 12 countries are forced to help.
And at the course of two weeks I had 150 people who were able to join it.
In Japan -- we moved up to Randork, a penguin village at the North North.
One of the week we used our school in the early photographs that had been inspired, where people were going to take their pictures out.
The time that they were working on is a different story. It's a different story -- it depends on the supermarket of the picture.
I could imagine an hour -- I could make a few weeks.
I could make months.
And this guy had to draw a lot of hand by using the way the areas who color and developed the water had no destroyed.
I took a long time.
And the water developed all these pictures in water water, corrections of bacteria corrects, with antibiotics, even with acceleration, all of it with the step of the time that I continue to destroy it, and that's why it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't cut the picture at least that it was climate, and it would have been taken up by his right.
We had surrounded with a little hand.
We have a course of a self-consciousness neighbor.
It's very easy to give the pictures even more data.
As he said once again, the leader of my group is like making a task.
You can't eat mistakes.
And the woman who brought us these pictures in a relationship to the picture.
I had started to deal with it, but it was discovered to realize that it was even more.
I also had dolphins.
Without them, the images of their wife and their own face would not have been able to go up, we were able to put the images in one picture and take the full picture.
When his pictures are sharing some of their story with us.
A few colleagues of their wife found the pictures in a little bit of books between the very far from where it used to be their house, but their colleagues are recognize it.
The day of the task, his husband was the care of close to the barriers.
He had to go inside the water while the sound surrounded.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in the colleague, in different colleagues of it.
One of them was coming up in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that they had all been wrong.
The day I took his pictures his short son in the 19th years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best record that I could do -- something that he could do to look at it, something that I could remember from the past that would not have been killed by that day of sea when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1950, they had been used to there in there and there were a lot of them helped us to clean over the hands more than 150 pictures of the big photos -- -- -- the great majority of their daughters.
More than 500 games from all around the world helped us go back to 90 hundreds of hundreds of different pictures and collectively.
So for this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in front of the printers.
So let's take pictures of controllers.
A picture is a picture of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted to do.
They are general of our remember and stories -- the last thing that we would take to us, but the first thing we would get to look for.
And this was about the project -- to solve small pieces of humanity -- to get someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody like a huge difference.
This project also takes a big difference in the life of the reports.
Some of them connect them with something bigger -- to get something bigger -- using their fear for something that are not going to be a perfect skin model.
To end I would like to read this email -- I sent it down the day that I came from Japan after six months.
And as I worked up, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories showed on the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different age from the grandmother to the small girl to the small girl -- I got around with a baby -- I was like, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, and my daughter came out of our wall.
In the entire world in the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.  You know.
Didn't give us amazing and curious with this picture of a box that goes up with a back in an expression of just a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go up a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a thousand dollars per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new technical technology that can create video videos in the legacy of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the risks, beyond the view of vision -- or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea.
If you take a red point and I put it up in a little bit of a second or it is, in several ways to create a piece of pictures of just a picture of a short military.
And that piece of pictures -- that ball, to travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that box and this piece of pictures and we were going to get up in this book, how are those pictures inside this bank?
What is the aspect of light in carbon camera?
Now, all of this --      remember that all of this happens in less than one non-level is what I was going to do in travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow so you can see the light in movement.
Colorable doesn't solve this research --   You have a lot of things in this movie -- to give this information to show what it's going on.
The pollution, our ball, in the box with a piece of pictures that starts going to get up and that, in fact, you start to get up.
So part of the light is going to go to the table -- and we started looking at these constructions.
Many of the pictures finally come to the room, and then they explain in several direction.
As you can see, there is a little air.
And at that time, they travel on the table and because of the reflections of the top of the top of the supermarket is see in the bottom of the book, after several cards, that the representations are controlling them.
Now, if we take a common ball and run and we do it that I came up with the same distance and we see it in a short camera to about 10 billion times, how much they think that would make us feel that film?
One day, a week, actually a year.
It would be a very strong movie -- of a bad battle in movement.
And what about trying to do with nature.
You can see the lines that are going to get out of the table of the table and the wall of the bottom and the wall.
It's like taking a piece in a stage.
This is the way that nature would put a picture -- I thought, from a market at time, but of course, our eyes see an international company.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that as the light gets out of the table, it still does not dark up.
Why? Because the takes is married and light in their inside and it comes back and went back after several trillion dollars.
In the future, when this female is in your mobile mobile -- you're going to go to the surface and see if the force is married without having to get it out.
So why do we create this camera in MIT."
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture on the back of the experiment in a very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the most short experience, so you can just get out of light.
So we took that ball, that particle of pictures -- millions of times, and we went back and over and over again with a very exciting situation -- we take those data from data and we put them together to create those services that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in critical and protect them in an interesting way.
You can go up.
Other bones can become invented up.
And if a new power of a solar future would allow him to see the bookstores?
The idea is that we could take some light on the door -- Robert, to go into the room, a part is going to stay on the door -- and from there to the camera.
So where we could be able to explore those many light retinas of light.
It's not science science. We have built it.
On the left, it's our market.
behind the wall there is a machine and we will take the light on the door.
And after the population of our article in New Yorkers.
And a small family of the pictures coming back to the camera but common, in different moments in different time.
And as we have a camera that works like that, we have a little bit of unique capacity.
It has very good technology, and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the dark objects but we don't know what I can do to what it is.
When you put a line you can take a picture in a book, which you see in the screen -- you really don't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images -- and we are going to try and try to look at the many light.
Can we see it at 3D to it?
This is our resource.
We have things to explore before we get this from the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are going to come up with what it is to the course of the curve.
Or we could be looking for survive in dangerous conditions looking at the light reported by the open views.
Or we could build the ability to look at the inside of the body by being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a question to scientists so that they start thinking about the photograph as a new music model to solve the problems of image in the next generation of the next generation of it.
And so like Darwin English, he was a scientist -- it turned the science in art -- an art of substantial pictures.
I realized that all of the data of data that we recognize every time they are not just for scientists, but we can be able to can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with the legal camera and code of color color.
And we look at those places. remember, the time between each of those lines is just about a number of second.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the lines under the speed, these are applied from us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are running almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- and I would have love to see this picture.
The order that the events are going on in the world sometimes in the world.
It calls the conservation information of space and time, we can take this difference.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you individual freedom to you.
With a mobile can photograph a crisis against humanity in Sir.
With a mobile you can take a message and send a process in Egypt.
With a cell you can take a song -- you can go back to San and make a famous one.
All of this is possible with a mobile way.
I'm a 1970s and live in the city of Berkeley.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were working for a change.
This is the ocean of 1980. Imagine if all these people who are going to come out of a change, they had a mobile in the policy.
Who do you have a model here?
They do it.
They look at their mobile cells, they carry it.
Let's get it. A Burker, a Gulf -- walk."
It's a lot.
But today I'm going to talk about me, of my mobile -- and how I changed life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
So you get into the board.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the U.S. Commandance -- I put a direction.
The Republic of Data.
And this slide says that every single phone company, each of the Internet of the Internet of the entire Europe, has to be able to deal with a little bit of information of users.
Who called who I was looking at who I sent up to who it takes a search to it.
Who sent him a text to who it sent it.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information goes down by at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or his principle of the Internet.
And all over Europe people put up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the application in the digital age and we don't want the telescopes and the Internet to take all this information on us.
There were a lawyer, started, stores, everyone said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about a thousand people who came out to the streets of Bell and said, "Look, not the fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State two.
This was the secret police of American Alexander.
And I also asked you if this really works.
Can you take all this information on us?
Every time I use the model?
So I asked my television, Doug Test, that then was the largest phone company of Alexander, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once again, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't get a common answer -- it was all blood, black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're making my life.
And so I decided to put it up with a close desk because I wanted to have this information.
But Darwin Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end of the end.
And I was going to go back and they would send me the information that I do.
And as long as the United States, the German Congress was made by the landscape for the law of the U.S.
And so I got this phenomenon on a Charles in a Charley inside of it.
And in the Charles there was this.
There is three and five billion dollars of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge arm. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this arm.
It was a little bit sensitive? What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public doing it.
Because I want to show people what the data means of data.
So right now to Richard Line and Okay David California, we did this.
This is a six months of six months of my life.
You can be able to be able to go back and go back, go back and go back.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I'm going to go from Francisco in terms of Colonia, and with how often I call it in the project.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's all about us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communities.
You can see how their people are communicate between each other to what time they call each other, what time they do.
You can see all this.
You can see the center. The leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to who I would talk to you who would give him a love to who this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes down at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berkeley, in the 1980s, they had a mobile in the policy.
And the Standa had knew who part of this process, and if the Standard had knew who the leaders were the leaders -- this never had happened.
It was the side of Berkeley may never have happened.
And in consequences -- not the side of the Hobia College.
Because right now in a day and the companies and companies want to deal with so much information of us as possible.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them for forever.
But the application and living in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to fight for the attack.
You have to fight for that a day.
When they come home to give her friends that the practice is a value of the 20th century and it's not a moment.
When you go home, you give it to your represents that just because companies and the state adults can be able to take a certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, they ask his phone company, what information they are going to get from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile models that you have to remember that they have to fight for the advertisement in the digital age of it.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happened?
And I call me March Zambia and I'm not open -- but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different direction.
And as a result, I have a brain, that's why it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a stranger. I'm like a Stanford member.
And Muslim Alexander.
Party. Clare. It's not great.
It's not controlled and it can be controlled.
No one killed my mother of my mother and I didn't find it because my parents were free beautiful, even though they are.
It just happens by action.
Now, I'm going to give you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the parts to do.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point in life, they have decided to be disconnected.
Let's go out of it.
You know, DNA Vietnams, are in the commercial center -- they are going to go in the corners in search and what you see and what do you see.
18 blood places for disconnected.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a short distance?
You know, I say, I have 99 problems, and Philip.
So there is a computer of the opportunity, I would get the grandmother down.
I am a passion, music, women, and live in New York.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Paris Columbia, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms didn't walk out, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to be can."
And my father was, "You can do it -- you can do it and do that?
And if my three older sister was being born, I was coming up.
If my three older sister went to public school, my parents were going to the public school system, and they made sure that I was also going on, and if we didn't get all the next thing we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk back to the five years to put me in his feet and just walk out.
Another thing that I used was to cut a dollar in front of me so that I would get it.
The subject that I bring inside it was very strong and so on.
You know, the first day in the short rate of information that has been made a lot of blood that has got a lot of boards.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 percent, and they keep being all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we didn't realize that we were not an analysis.
This was before 1980, and that the politicians would be able to be able to be able to use "Mansassian to the muscles as a company slide.
The people that I grew up had no problems with my happiness.
It doesn't seem to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to die out of honeybee during the room.
I told you that I had enough groups to live three months without eating it, so going to be able to be able to be very easy.
Barry gave it in Britain.
Yes, in Britain.  So my parents couldn't pay the physical theory, so I was taken to the day.
I learned to support with taxis, or I can walk on with talents.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be kids, so if my friends were used by the shots, I too.
And when my friends were going to go through the view of saw at the cost of James, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war of war, because my parents would have that if we don't go back to Paul all the versions, we will become Mars.
So in the view of summer often my father was trying to get up, so I was going to go up in the scale, so I was put up in the back, and I went up in the March More, and I remember that the water was sent up with the eyes and I thought, "Well, it works?
But the military cure was the mountain.
I have to say that it's very strong, but before you do it it was a start state that I couldn't put out of fish from fish.
And now I can stay in your head.
My parents were involved in this idea that I could do anything that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Hollywood Hollywood Telescope.
I went to college through the positive discovery and I got a bone for the United States, University of the state of Aristotle, because I went in all of the courses.
It was like the storm of the telescope of the telescope.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the less smart -- I took the next thing in my cells, and also in their kinds as well.
Every time I did a stage from the critical corner of my teachers were wrong.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bang Ventral in Japan.
It's a work of a little girl with brain paradigms.
And I was a little girl with brain paradigms.
So I started taking the four versus the four versus, "The end will have a paper."
I have brain paradigms.
At the end of the bottom.
Thank God to God at the end I'm a film."
I don't get the role --  -- they gave him to San Brazil.
I went back to the rest of the depression of the telescope, and he was going to take a story, as if someone had killed my cause, to ask me why and she told me that because they believe that I couldn't do the risk stages.
And I said, "Disappear, if I can't do the risks of risk -- not the personality."
It was a paper for that I literally had been born and they gave it to an article without brain particles.
The college was taking my life.
Hollywood has a story of an amazing story to add activities with no disconnected papers.
When I went back home, I came home, and my first current air was just like a television in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a complete from "Boy from "the bottom from a start in a satellite.
Instead, I was there as a shoe, I didn't look at me more than the time, and it was evidence for me to be able to be able to be able to be reduced arms, not white activities, not white and disconnected.
They just found perfect people.
But there were experts to the rules.
I grew up looking at Google Gandhi, Roman Brown, And all these women had one thing in common -- they were constructive.
And so I made it humanity.
So in my first water I took New York, and I would never forget the face of the first culture that I took when I go in the realize that I was going to high speed by the atom of New Yorker with a control that had brain paradigms.
I worked in colors of all the United States, and also in the Middle East in the Middle East -- without selection and no sea.
Some people say that I'm the first map of the Arab world.
I never like to cut the first place, but I know that they never heard that little detail room that says that women are not fun -- and they find very fun.
In 2008, my sister of another mother and father -- Denmark Obama, and I launched the Force of New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media in the media and at the same time to remind them to the reports of report that South Africa is not simulation.
It was going to be a lot more easy to fight against the challenge of the discourse of discovery.
My great opportunity came in 20 percent.
I went like I was invited to the program of the news partner in the back of Kenya Oritimity.
I went in as if I went to a back of transportation, I was forced to a study and they sat in a street street.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Disappear, can you give me another career?
And she looked at me and he said, "Final" three, three, three, two.
And we were living in life."
And so I got up to the stage of the prison to not go out of the screen during the site, and when I ended up the interview, I was present.
At the end I had my opportunity and the device. I knew they wouldn't go back to it.
But not just Dr. Oritary came back to investigated, but it was as a particular time, and I lost my size.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Kenya Oritarian was that people in the Internet are scale.
It tells kids that kids are crazy, but they never got out of me, and they were never going to get out of me.
And suddenly my distance in the Internet became an object of grandmother.
And I looked at lines online with food like, "Why are you a straight?
"It's beat?
And my favorite family, "Profession grade terrorist.
What does it do?
We should really forget for it.
So a surprise suggests even that I would add my distance to my career, collection, controlled, participation.
The distance is as visual as the right.
If someone in the room is not going to be able to do Berkeley, then Ben can't do someone in the street street.
The distances are the -- yes, they go up, you know, man. Let's go.
We are the largest mine in the world -- and the most surprised in the world in the world.
The doctors said it didn't walk out, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distance in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very specific places.
I got to walk through the red room by the risk of the Texas Steve Alexander and the Cold College Archimed.
I came to act in a film with Alexander Santa and work with my day, the incredible David Malawa.
And I remember the world by looking at "The Roberts have become little bits."
I was applied in the great state of the great state of New York in the CO2 of 2009, at the time.
And he was formed "The Girls of March," a genetic organization to give children a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father looked at me in life, and I give him this talk to his memory at all.
Particular pathologists.
I call me March Zallar, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little village of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I lived in a little village to the South South.
This village is about Monterey.
The size of the size to the poverty and the board of the institution.
No one for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, March, the capital of Santa.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there is no work, and there is no work.
He had been living in a street in the city of Monterey.
After maybe a year transported, nothing.
One day you get up with a dream that tells him to take it up, then to go down, and then you can go down.
I know a group of people, which gives him a destiny.
It gets a little bit of money for it to buy new college, money to send home to his family.
They present a young people.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Monterey, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village of the great quality was the surface terrorist, and that digital group of people were to the San organization -- a terrible organization connected to the Law.
So how do the story of a little village trying to make their dreams in the city end with him in the end of him in the end of it.
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that came out.
This was the first thing that I came out of what we call "The Pennsylvan person."
And his story is replaced in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban people who were able to be able to be able to be deployed in Japanese, and they were able to give things in London, which are looking for something beyond the "design of the waiting for the "designer?
For the young people, the price of the city -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, and the young people are not going to pay on their cities.
And it's often the video of the most high stores of designer.
For 2000, three of every five people who live in cities are less than 18 years.
If we don't increase young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't take opportunities -- the story of the "Wow species, the door of access to the violence, to violence, to the links, to be the story of cities.
And in my family city -- March 70 percent of the young people are depressed.
70 percent didn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Montana last month and I went to visit the World Manhattan, the hospital where I was born.
I remember going to be in that hospital taken up to the balls thinking, and if I would never have ever ever ever heard about it?
And if I had seen to be in that same secret of hope?
Would I have become terrible?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Montana that month was actually in order to reach a few young leaders in a company color.
It comes up to about 90 percent of the similar leadership.
We sat and we had an idea of ideas about the great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room.
He went to the University of Monterey, it was growing.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because I was a critical university -- depressed, frustrated, was the perfect white white for the San and other terrible organizations to be responsible.
They find people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Monterey, the biggest object to get out of the point to the B is the street.
You see years of civil war -- they have completely developed the visual system, and a motivation can be the most easy way to move up.
You see an opportunity and the application.
I started a motivation company.
And I began to get motivations to local resources who were normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 minutes, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to explore hundreds of materials for the next three years.
Why is it different this story.
What does this different story do?
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It is the started space, and I think that the business space can be the most powerful tool against the "watching of waiting for the seal of hope."
It was going to the young people to be the created of economic opportunities that are looking for so definitely.
And you can go into the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who killed one of my records -- Mountain Monterey, a fluid.
I was helping to get some of the young people in the top of the business interview and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the business innovation.
In fact, it's the first factory that Monterey has seen in over 23 years ago, and so far until Monterey came up, if you wanted to be forces for your piece, we were used of plastic from the end.
If you asked someone to somebody -- "What was the last time you saw free free frontiers?
For those who grew up during the civil war.
So Martin saw a opportunity.
And I started a profit company and fluid design.
I created a graph in the outside of Montana, and I started to put the teachers and little little stores, that I was able to survive the climate of Monterey.
And I started the strength of forces for backgrounds, by creating short particles in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the creation of the first public path in 20 years.
There are no public patterns in Monterey.
It wants to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, I will use the primary robots.
By the way, he was not going up because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Prince of Monterey had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about making a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation actually had an impact on them.
I used to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And you can believe that they could be businesses -- that could be artistic from change.
So for the end of the day, they had an industrial solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were going to be starting for local solutions for local problems.
So, inspired the young people and create a business culture culture is really a great step -- but the young people need to make their reality.
They need experience and organic to get them into the development and put it into the business of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to take up the support that they need to go from the creation to creating it, and they will create capabilities for urban growth.
For me, the business space is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Monocon is not just sell flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His part of the peace -- this is how I call it -- when you call it, it will transform the way people see their city.
They tend to find kids in the street to help me and keep the materials for him.
They gave them the opportunity of the paradigm of the "design of the "World Person."
These young companies are having an impact on their cities.
So my survival is, they become the young people in companies -- they put up and they feed their institutional innovation, and they will have more stories about forces and Parks of the peace that you carry and "discovery of hope and "discovery."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went back with my father in the London Monterest, a area to the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest control.
The sun was made that the legs were going to be a violent, and not to be the way we were going on, almost we could fight that we were the first human beings to spend that Earth.
We came to our company.
It was a corrupt in a rich wind with seen a beautiful blood blue when I discovered something else.
behind the corner there was a back, for about four meters of hair boats with heart patterns of paper paintings -- and she was able to get old blood.
And I was attacked, I was very strange and incredibly conscious.
The cars that were too much good as to get what they had brought up, who thought he was going to clean their balloon?
And that question follow with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who climbs our balloon?
With no matter how they organize or where you put the outside, who would be a straight of our back in Allano?
Who was going to go out of our based on Robert or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York City -- the Department of San Vietnam our back, at the reason of 11 tons of destinations and two tons of reverse products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals as individuals wanted to know it.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel like to use the unit and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I travel in the streets and I walked through their projects and I went to people in office and installations around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a intelligence.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a back of balance.
Now I didn't just travel in the cars. I walked them up.
And I was using the mechanical schools and back the shoes.
It was a private note and an amazing learning.
All of you ask the operation.
It's there, but it's not as soon as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong is a very strong one.
It costs a lot to get the weight to the floor.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept moving up to the weight of taking on their body.
It's also the danger.
In fact, with the office of the Los States, the responsibility of the responsibility is one of the 10 more dangerous forces of the country, and I learned the right.
You are coming out and coming into the train all day and they go down to your around.
They just want to go up, so in general general is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And also the based on each other is full of dangerous.
I also learned about how much of the back.
When you go out of the fourth and you see a city from the back of the way, you get to understand that the battery is like a force of nature in itself.
I never stopped coming from.
It's also like a form of responsibility or carbon.
It must always be in movement.
And it's also the scale.
It seems to me that the station is especially individual because I think that the resources of responsibility are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the details and effective and effective every day, this starts to get out of their conditions and their international dangerous dangers will get us in very real ways.
diseases that we had found for decades and scientists come back and start to give them to them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have a space for what the movements of the economy start to figure out when it is in terms of it.
I'm not going to get out of the capacity, just signal his relationship up.
And then there is what I call our average average action needs to.
And it means to me just to the speed that we used to move on the point in the time.
We usually don't worry about it, we are not able to go up, or we take us up with us and we take us out of our career, our balloon balloon, our water.
We use them -- we were going to take them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side of it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways of thinking about how much of the things that you might help reduce the scale and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost liberal.
They are in the street every day, in a radiation way.
They use a unit in many cities.
You know how to do it.
And his work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of airplane.
The flow that kept us to save ourselves from ourselves, of our own destinations, our straight, and that flow always must keep a way or another.
One day after the 11 percent of the University of 2010, I heard the group of a record of responsibility in the street, and I went down to my little son, and I went down with the scales running up, and there was a man doing his piece of paper of paper as I did all the military.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day -- but I started to fight it.
And I looked at me, and I just looked at it, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
So after that I started to invent the meeting of responsibility and I went back to that man.
It's called Park, we work together and we were doing good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to recognize the way we exist in this planet as a species we need to increase and have to find all the costs -- even the human human cost of the hand of the hand.
We have the fundamental ideas, what we think about when we talk about back, they represent the three percent of the amount of responsibility in the nature.
This is a remarkable structure.
So in the flow of his days and their lives, the next one that you see to someone whose work is to clean the battery of you, take a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life to be part of the environment where architecture was born from the conditions and local transports.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
And both projects are sitting in emerging countries, one in East and the other one in Thailand.
And they are going to share the fact that the different animals from different perspective is become an essential part of the end of architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an investment in order to design a commercial center of a number of countries in the Captain Canada, Alexander Alex.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the course."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to reach up.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost variable because they have very large things that people can't give the way to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because the evidence with critical crowds in the environment, so it is need a lot of attention.
In a city that this should not happen because this is about a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And in third place, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Egypt.
This is a person trying to be a very rich place in culture.
In our first view to Ethiopia, I was really comfortable with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people are going to go and buy things all the days to small sell in them.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate extraordinary activity to me.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building model of a number of ways, by taking these principles up.
The next challenge is present when you interact the site -- which is based on a much growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture, don't exist.
And it's also between two places that are not communicate in a hundreds of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two street.
And this is excited with a statement that creates a space to the free air in the building that comes up by their own way, the sun and the sleep.
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small business, which changed in every day because of the space of space.
And I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I was going to think about a similar table to a self-constant capacity to allow you to allow the air of the air, and also the light, but in a foreign way.
And then we inspired us in these beautiful boxes of the stages.
They have a protection of the favorite generation and this helped me model the factor.
We're building that with these little private pieces that are the views that let the air and the light in a form of a way to the inside of the building.
And this is completely excited with these little colors of color that use the light of the building of the building to increase the building at night.
With these ideas not easy to convince drugs because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we ask."
But in suddenly all of us realized that this idea of the market it turns out that this idea of the market turned out to be much more recognized than the commercial center because in the end, there were more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the Facebook was much more economic -- not just because of the material in compassion with the video -- but also because it wasn't need to have air air.
And so we get some of the things that we use to make the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put pictures on the ground.
And then under those paintings we think of the ground as a new public space with areas of recording and babies that create this urban operation.
And these guys in the roof, which in the site of the state of the inside of the environment.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going to go on the top of the building building.
The second example is a plan of 200 feet and services in the city of Theater.
And to make a very big project -- the bigger that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tesla, but also to their environment, their transition and the culture.
So during that animal I put attention in the middle -- a 100 years of ancient that I was surrounded by a wall with a death of access of access to a little bit of access with almost right line.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to deal with the existing streets -- by creating 12 simple strangers in size and careers that there are in California and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we had a few specific points in relationship to the idea of the idea of the international door, and this makes the international model.
And the last choice was to think about the cell -- the little cell cell of the project, as the application, as a part of the teachers of the planet.
I thought, what would be the best organization for a start in the medical cell.
And it's normal, because it creates a terrible difference between both sides of the house and so a natural version.
So we put a team that makes sure that most people are perfectly wrong.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European blood and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for penguins.
And also it also respond to local rules that have a lot of destruction in the top levels and a less destruction in the low planet.
And it also turned out this idea of oil.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to get to the community the space of the building by the construction of the construction for the construction of the construction.
It is where all the neurons -- you can go out and social and to make things like running a number of two miles a morning or a building from a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change to the communities and local economy at the same box that grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl goes to our class -- it was as remarkable as you see all the new children.
I had great amounts of favorite face and a little stage of steel, literally. It was supposed to be strong for the capitalists of the states -- very good for artist.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells -- until I took my plant plant.
One day I got a time after the school of school. It was a little bit late and I got on the battery of the kids.
When the cost was disappeared, I went into the card room -- I took the table of my market to the back of the calculation book.
And then I did.
And I got the cardiologists of my river, just a little bit, just some of it.
All the way --  And I was willing to get the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
And so in a friend, I run the names from all around the world, without any image.
I put them to all of these pieces of days and myself a pill in the top of it, because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got me.
It's that it was all extremely obvious people.
I never found me.
But about all, I got down the reason why I was used to get up to me that this life, so small -- it was so good for art.
And I got up with the cars.
They are so strangers and so painting.
We know the babies are supposed to be supported.
All the prisoners. The blue birds are very property.
We know that cells are the number of number one in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that analysis the surgeon, or the long doctor or the train.
And so you have to go to the future, because the numbers are like the lab in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it is a experience to say that if there were no charity, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no high interview, there would be no East."
There would be no cloud cloud, not the boys and a night."
There would be no Santa.
They were able to take the list of high school.
No country, there is no property. I know it's going to say that Professor has the answers for all, and in the cars, almost you have them.
This year is about 100 years of his work savings, and he looked for the most strange time of the sex strangers and also from the institutional complexity -- and I would all have.  And I think of Professor, we have the significant details -- right?
We think about a child trying to make the dream.
We think about a human magic in the shoes.
We forget how hard that picture.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it is about books that Virgin Google said were as hard as a catastrophe train.
I don't know how it is, but we're supposed to be surprising.
Let's look at why they go so well together, the novel and the cars, the cars and the principles.
It will be very obvious as the cells -- which are reduce to the person, to their desire -- are a bad narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel closes.
And when we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make it feel wrong.
It is going to be at the national and audience, we know exactly what you want to do -- to bring it up the card, right?
The cells do all of us to all sorts of substance, and that is something that Protect understand it.
Everything that she does to give me to be able to go to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, he says that every single man who was going to be destroyed in his love, I put it back to his collection of top into his private camera.
You have to figure out that San and Professor, they were neurologists.
You know, the printing numbers would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are analysis.
It's a human emotions -- you have to feed it.
And what are the cars?
The cells are born from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the great amount of fan farmers and a little bit of stages and a little stage.
The cells are born from the picture.
This is why India is so successful --   Press enough of the language in the classroom.
When you're in his side of cars, I suddenly heard behind the door of the door and the signals of their love, then they depend on those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is representation, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or looking at a monkey."
He says, "You are scientific research with real value value.
It is trying to show that the cells are trying to show that the cells are going to come together and they make us seem to look like, but in their method, they are search of knowledge -- a real pain in fact, in fact, to what I was going to consider -- how much more the truth -- the better.
The dollar, the humanity, the pressure, this is the goals to the Prize of Professor.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need to do -- that makes us happen to be a much more profound feeling of a much more profound and visual man that a man can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for women from colleagues?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells will give us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that make us open up in this particular way.
Is there any other emotions to give us our activity, our horrible antibiotic and our rights?
Is some other emotions that taught us to look at with so much surprising as present."
I was going to write about this more before.
One day, French was seen by a very short young man that was connected to the idea that his woman was considered.
And soon says that there was something strange in that man who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was intelligent, everybody knew it.
The creative poor was under no cause.
But he was looking for things that I did his wife -- without giving us interviewed behavior.
Do you get too much, or right right now with a man?
And he says that the man was becoming the cost of the interview of his wife of his wife in his time.
The novel are very good at this.
The novel would do very well how the cells are doing to look at it, but without pressure.
In fact, the more we are more likely we are, more of us to turn in the factory of the fantastic.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells take us to make a violence or improvisation.
The cells are going to get us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Michael 12 years of age was able to have created a happy point in Facebook since the one that was sent up with the victims -- horrible to itself for a year.
For one year, every year.
She was trying to get up to the new level of his short experiment. I have to tell you that when you or this, they do with advertising.
Because we are reality.
How much of it, even though discovery, right?
It's like non-problem.
Like a North Harvard name.
Hill is one of my friends.
She is a very strange character and the U.S.
It's the automobile of "Look at "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Trailing of "The Treating and "The Trail San Richard: Richard, books who are trying to get the cells, and once we are in the space, in the rest of the cars, the metaphor that I would know what it might be, it can be printed in a instrument.
So let's take Tim Richard, his most famous person.
I took Richard is going to go out or want what you have to get out of your being and get out of what you ever had to do -- and it's under the floor -- and I respond to your name -- it takes your animals, you get your banks down.
It's a way.
But what do we do do? We can't take the Rock Richard Rock.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I want.
This is a audience, because we live in time time.
We live in time.
That is, we are good citizens of social networks where the movement is the entrepreneur, right?
The numbers show us the survival? I'm not sure it.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they are not safe -- when they are in a mission.
Let's go back to the Bang Stephen and ask us by San Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the market in the March March in the Millimeter March, that critical one.
But I've always gone up to the Internet Research -- the bone face from the Stanford Stephen who needs Hollywoods dependent, needs the generation of Hollywood, but it was made.
I mean, it sounds so familiar with me.
It turns out you need their help -- but it turns out, and it records in the face in each of the missions.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sea of the Sixter Nations, once Hollywood comes up to all of them with his solution. It turns out it goes back to Hollywoods and says, "We are not closer, Sear Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him there is no person in South School that I didn't want to take your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood in the story. It looks like this very exciting. That stage is also missing, right?
It seems to try to treat the cells as a general problem.
You know, in a minute.
At the next minute they are the same side.
As a result, it turns out it allows you to take that idea of being he here.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a generation of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to find out the experience of the other.
We can apply with it.
But I like to be able to continue with them.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the focus to connect it.
And just the shark for the careers.
It used to the doctors, I invented them to the table.
And look at what he was and the Deborric December, the Alexander Tim Richard, the South Sterness Starring, the same March Prince.
We are in an extremely company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21 percent of the 1960s, British Alexander went out of the collection of the Alexander 1980s, and they decided about the March of the Transmitted.
And American and Alexander were alone -- but his price in the surface surface was the quality of a collective collective process.
The Alex program was the biggest movement in the history of the United States.
In order to get to the London, NASA spend about 100 billion dollars of today -- or four percent of the favorite professional.
The Alex was working at about 400 people and asked the colleague of 20 companies and the government of the government.
They made people, including the training of the Alexander one.
But before the Project Frank profile, 24 men travel to the Lander.
He was walking on the surface of the surface of the Archimed death after the past year, is now.
So why did they do?
They didn't get a lot of government, 37 miles of old right, and something that the 24 percent of them are going to look after -- a new sense of the small and the fragile of our common home.
Why did they do?
But the own words of Kenya in the University of rich in the University of Richard in 1990, give us a better idea.
John French.
Why do you turn it into our object?
And they could also ask, why do you scale the more high mountain."
35 years ago, why would I fly on the Alexander?
Why do I play Richard against Texas?
We choose to go to the Lander.
We choose to go to the Lander.
We choose to go to the mountain in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
James Poles," for the contents, the Albert was not just a picture of the Europe on the West War in the Francisco.
In the time, the most strong emotions was the worse of the power of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The attack in the Europe happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line line and the plane and the value and the vaccine for the trains.
In half of the century, it would be determined by the color and it is exploring the virus.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to take the Traition Toothbook in 1990, called antibiotic "Disability."
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a gentlemen, or a box with a size, but in 1980, the training of the Alexander 10 miles to 40 miles a hour.
Of course, no human being going back to the London.
No one has travel faster than the Trail 10, and the energy application about the power of technology has been able to see that the technology is going to solve that technology will solve like going to Mars -- create a clean energy -- to make cancer -- or feed the world population -- they seem to have been inspired with them.
I remember to see the start of the Alexander 17.
I had five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the back of the stage of the San Sea County.
And I knew that this would be the last one, but I was completely sure that I would be going to see the colors in Mars.
So that was something that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We take it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have shown us and they had taken together with a tricks -- things like ideas -- applications and social networks and antibiotics that take the conservative version of it.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have spread and stretched our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity problems.
What happened?
There is a professional explanation in San Valley, which has been created that they have been created less antibiotics than those of the years in which the years are finished in the English, Michael and Germany.
Steve Valley says that markets are the catastrophes, in consequence, the insects that the risks of risk will offer the companies of the risk of the risks of the risk of the risk of the risks offer them.
South Valley says that the risk of risk that is changing the creation of traditional ideas for the financial problems or even familiar problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
He explained what is wrong with San Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their low-construction point without worry about the risk -- they put small investment into the military investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had problems to invest in technologies as energy -- that they need a huge capital and whose development is in the long plant. They have never invented in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a immune value value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and a deep problem.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But I will go to Mars to get a political decision that was popular -- and that never will happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy of energy is coming from energy energy sources like solar -- the electricity and biology. less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic people.
The carbon and the natural gas are more challenges than solar and gentlemen, and the oil is more likely than the biological thing.
We want a source of alternative energy that they can buy in price -- they don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the economists are about what political and international workers are going to do the development of an alternative energy -- a lot of meaning in the research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the price of the cartoon.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or the international workers that represent that content.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a time that men are result of the failure in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that men are political crisis that affect the food of food.
The technology can be able to make things like the rooms or the systems for the strange and the systems of food, but there will be hungers while there are bad government.
And finally, the big problems sometimes get a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The British President will tell you the war to cancer, but then we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some of the things that we have to deal with, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatment and virtual treatment treatment in the last 10 years.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must really be about a technology, and we need to understand it.
The Million Million, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- it comes with those crisis.
But it's a professional model in the future.
We're not in 1980.
There is not a constant company like in the World War -- there is no policy like John Kenya who had the hard and dangerous thing, and there is not a popular mission of science science as the solar system.
In general, going to the Europe to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even using any problem.
We are just in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to go.
God knows that we don't have the challenges of it.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start by telling you the general ideas that are about the trust of the trust one.
They are so common that they have become cells of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a lot of conservation of the trust -- it's a very nice process.
The second is a goal, we should have more confidence.
And the third one is a tribe, we should be able to take the consumer.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an object and a task -- that I think gives a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why people think that trust has disconnected?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was excited to think that it may have gone down in some activity or institutions and that could have gone into others.
I don't have of course.
But I can be able to go back to the opposite resources -- and the opposite resources are just the source of the belief that trust has disconnected.
When you look at the operations of open over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were used to do 20 years ago, which is mostly self-confidence and political -- they keep inspired the same device.
And the people who were very conscious about 20 years ago, they continue to be quite consciousness, together, shorters.
The rest are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost about half of the way.
But is this enough energy?
And what the opposite resources are going to do is, of course, opening them.
What else can you replace?
What you look at are the genetic activities that people are doing when they do certain questions.
Do you trust the politics?
Now, if someone would say, "Consider in the surroundings?
Do you think about the pieces?
Do you trust the principles of prison?
I probably started to ask you, "Why do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you put your question, "Well, I think about some of them -- but in other not.
What it's really like.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to develop the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of advance discovery, working or kind of person, is going to be unique in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I eat in a certain piece of principles that I know to give you the kind of record, but in any way to drive the school microbes in a way.
After all, I could know that it was not a good.
It could trust me in my most crazy friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've had those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different. Why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust more surprising?
And I think the resources are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence -- because they try to open the good installation in the fact that we can be able to trust something or someone else.
Second, what about the object?
The goal is to have more confidence.
And finally, I think it's a specific object.
It's not the goal that I would think about.
I would be able to have more trust in what it is to be sense of consumer, but not what it is.
In fact, I am a part of not to trust what it's not conscious.
And I think that those people who developed their shows with the very directly called Mr. March, which then I did with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too consciously.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It was constructed or negative with intelligence -- that's the right object.
Once you say, yes, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not the trust -- but consciousness.
So what it's about to do is to make a journey about how trust the people are in different ways.
And I think that to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you completely? They're a real? They're responsible?
And if we found that one person is companies in the personal materials and it's responsible and hosts, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be decision for me.
But yes, by the way, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and honest -- but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to the car, because they're open.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they are going to make their own communities.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complex and responsible but extremely strangers.
If it is, I have still not seen me.
But that's what we're looking for -- trust before it considers.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build building systems for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions and professionals, and so over and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect on.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a part and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advertising paper that will be able to get the part of it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the computer system that is being able to raise the trust and the consequences of trust -- actually, is doing it.
What they do is to draw the work of the people who have to make a hard task -- like the parts of the particles, which are standing out of the cars, as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples of you.
All of that, all of that, for the object.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be digital and we try to make the people that we are trust and if we try to determine if other people or political or politics are distance of consumer.
It's not easy. It's the justice, the simple actions -- what you don't do is you don't really do it.
In third place, it takes it.
It would call the task to go up with the consequence -- I put the things into the straight.
It suggests that you and I should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to solve it.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can build a little bit of the confidence.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the consumer.
But the trust -- in fact, is different because we get the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough.
You have to be a kind of consequence.
And that, of course, is because you can't get up, by the way, all the people, all the time.
But you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to trust me.
How do you do that?
That is going to days, everywhere. It makes the common people, the institutions, the institutions -- very efficient institutions.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
And the way that I bought my cars say I can bring them up without giving explorations.
I take them up and get me the money, or I would change them for the color that I want.
That's going to be completely, because in them because the same became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you go together to the other part of the other hand, that's a very good test that you're going to be designed and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end, I think that what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that room, you can figure out when and how the other person is decided to trust me.
Thank you.
Since the companies of computers we have come up to reduce the feeling between us and the digital information, the feeling between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be detected.
This feeling has been reduced, more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more than one of them is less than one me, the life of a transportation screen and the power of information has become access to all.
But I said, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is in the digital space, so that when the operations are against the screen to bring their physical body into the printers.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the oceans can protect with visual organs under the screen down.
And so with this tool you put the babysins.
But the two hands are going to go out of the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using the whole design of the hands of the hands?
In the distance of science School Stars -- along with my mind Carrous Berkeley, I put the computer and transform a little space on the table in a digital area of work.
And they are going to be able to get a transportation with design camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face -- now you can save the hands of the television, to get the inside of the 3D space, and they will get away directly with the hands.
As the videos and the arms have a collection in the real space, you see them is as easy as getting a book.
You can put the book and take lines or words with the secret terrible sector that is under every single screen in the water.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go down with their hands directly with hands.
In these examples -- we get in the digital world.
And if we invest the patterns and make the digital information come towards us?
And so so many of us will have bought and get things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is a virtual protection by the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a monitoring device in your head or transformative when the system understand the generation of your body.
If we take this idea further -- I thought, instead of just looking at pictures in space, how can we make them physical so that we can play them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
In the Middle States of MIT with my Hollywood Higgs And my collaboration Republic Poles, we created this only physical factory.
And this is the statement as a photograph in the space in space in space, which means that so much of the computer as the users can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So, what we did was we did it that we did it and control the movement and control the movement by a combination of the magnetic relationship, mechanical and demonstrations.
And at the way we program the object of the object of the time and the space, what you want to say that human movements can go back and go back and go back and get for always in the physical world.
And you can teach them physically and discovery and the famous taken from Michael Joseph can be involved as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complex concept as the movement of the planet, the physics -- and at the bottom of the metaphors, this is a real experience and painting that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our physical physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but it will start to act about us as part of us as part of the physical world that we have to have to get us out of our world.
We started the talk today to talk about a bar, but if we put out that bar, the only line that is the one of our image.
Thank you.
And I was found to become a galaxy for two years in Hollywood, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first group, the government wanted to bring up a school for all of the patterns with all of the patterns.
But my mother came up said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineering -- like them.
And then to survive the cultural revolution, they believe that there was only a short path to happiness -- a safe job and a good job.
No matter whether the work would like to do or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese side.
So this was me, in my own picture.
A number of percentage must start to get from very young to learn the applications, so I tried everything that I could go to school school.
And so far I wrote to the rest of school and at the beginning of a radio program.
But no adult would take the idea.
No adult took me.
I just my friends would get me, but they were kids, but they were children, like me.
And so the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to go in.
My dream would never be done.
It was, that during the rest of my life a number of second class was the only thing that I could do.
And this was so incredible.
So it turns out to look for another voice.
Nobody else wanted to teach me, OK.
I remember the books.
"And "So "Alle "See "See "See "Search Chinese?
The ones that were provided in China, of course.
"The Google Earth about the Chinese life.
And it's not protecting conservation.
The Big is interesting, but I end up.
That's a subject for another day.
But the next one for me was a recording record, "Honeybees to your father and your mother."
"Hollywood," I said, "It's so different, and so much better than they were going on.
So it became my tool to get out of this kind of control cartoon and to reduce the relationship with my parents here.
And I find a new culture with a new culture as well.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning of this map it seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China.
And I had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is a map of people.
The compassion is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the architecture world.
There are to the research field of research as a computer relationship and a computer relationship.
It will share and control, it gives you a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer lesson works to get up, why not do it do also in the controllers of conservation."
So I started reading books of two.
You can try from people "What Park Carrolatic Carrolas -- John Mars who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
For the Crisis, the tools are economic and political and specific.
For the Burk, they are all psychologists, you know, fear and society.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
The way of Canada Tang Tanzania Tanzania "The Palestinian Park Park instead of lose in the transformation -- I found that you can get a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transition that I realized that happen in Chinese literally means "Second "Second "Second."
And "Look at Chinese, literally means "Darfur Man." </s>
The books gave me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present people.
I know that I will not go back to just sit out or you never have to go up.
It will have a really interesting dream is really not nothing compared to what many other other people have happened.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
His most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come out of the dreams -- where the passion comes from.
So far, you can do that for you.
And it's because of the books -- that I'm here today -- I'm going to live up with the purpose and with classical, most of the time.
So the books are always accepted.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first climate climate.
And I was a medical student in the clinical plastic in Berkeley.
She was a 22 years old, called Alexander.
Alexander went into the first feeling by using victims and a horrible table, and it would take on my office in my office and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so absolutely.
And my cell company had a picture as the first clinic.
And I took me a tool that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it out.
But I didn't do.
With the story stories that Einstein brought to the security, it made me easy to move the head while we had the solution.
"The tribes are the new feet: I said Alexander, and so I would see, she was right.
You start to work later, you have children later, it has children later, to death after death happens.
It was a little bit like Alexander, and there was time for me.
But I was a little bit after that, my supermarket asked me to pay up to Alexander that would talk about his love life.
And I was represented.
I said, "Oh, it's coming up with the guys under his cataly, you get up with a horizontal head -- but it's not as if it was going to fall with it.
And then my supermarket said, "You know, no, but maybe you get up with the next one.
In fact, the best moment to work in the Marine Marine is before it comes up.
This is what politicians call a "money "money?
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel head after what they were like, but this didn't make the 20 percent of Alexander were a path in their development.
And this made the 20 percent of Alexander was the perfect moment and we were going on.
And so I realized that this kind of language neuroscience was a real problem, and he had real consequences -- not just for Germany, not just for Alexander and his yellow life, but for the cars, the families and the future.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or the 100 percent of if you think no one comes to the adult without going on before the 20 percent.
They look at your hand if you're in his 20 percent.
I want to see the legs here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with gentlemen, you love a sea, you take the dream a story, I want to look at it -- I want to see -- it's good.
This is not just my option. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments and moments -- that they give their life to their life to have gone up to when you have 30 and so many and so much.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go into a piece.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an emotional impact on the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half Americans are holding, they live or they are coming out with their own future to 30 years.
We know that the brain would end up their second and the last stage of growth in their 20 and it comes to the adult, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now is the time to change it.
We know that personal changes more times for their 20 that at any other moment of life, and we know that the female force comes to their table to the 21, and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 percent are the time to focus on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the kids, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the wind in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has an impact on the person who will become become becoming.
But what we don't hear is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what the ones are listening to.
They talk about changes in the line of the airplane.
The researchers call the age of the 20 percent extraction.
And the prisoners were taking them up to the records like Texas and "Constructions."
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a transportation that is actually the decade that makes the adult.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think it happens when they give you a load in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life life?
It doesn't happen anything.
They gave that person the sense of architecture and their environmental and it doesn't really happen anything.
And then all of the days -- interesting, interesting things like you or his children and children come to my office and they say something like this, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this: My 20 percent are to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cardioves the day that came from the university."
And then it starts to sound something like this, "The cars for the 20 were like the classroom game.
They all come up and they look at it, but then at some point around the 30 -- the music and all began to sit down.
And I didn't want to be the only one that was going on, so sometimes I think I had my wife because he was the most close chair when I was 35.
Where are the gentlemen here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but they don't come up, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30,000 -- there is a huge pressure to the three and so many of you start a car, to choose a city, to choose a care, and have two or three children in a very short time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are researchers that start to show -- which is much more difficult and strategies to do all of the 30 to the 30 percent.
The crisis of the average age is not trying to buy red doctors right now.
It's about realize you can't have the career that you want now.
realize that you can't have the son that you want now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
So many of them are going to look at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about his 20 percent, "What was I doing it? What was I thinking about it?
I want to change what the wind are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Earth.
At the age of 25 percent came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or in the environment, but I still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last years working as a mom.
As it was a little bit more, I lived with a neighborhood that I showed more early than they were going on.
And even though it was going to live a few very difficult -- their before he had been even more difficult.
And I came up in our security, but then he went down to the said, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose your friends to me.
Well, one day Elizabeth came up with his head on his legs and I read for almost all the time.
And I just buy a new free for a direction, and he had spent all the morning by looking at their many contexts, but then you get looking at the empty space that goes after the words in the "World Canal case, please call the "Second."
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "What is going to be for me if I have a collaboration access?
Who is going to take care of me if you get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to go up and say, "I'm "Man."
And what Einstein needed was not a television that was really worried about.
It needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alexander as to just sit up as the decade of Europe was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told myself about three things that all of us, man or women, it seems to know.
First of all, I told myself that it was going to be used from that identity of identity and it would get a piece of identity to it.
By the way, of course, I mean to do something that goes to their person.
You do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Cold Carro, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know that this is a lot of idea of identity of identity of it.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, of that understanding of that company that you want to try to try to.
I'm not showing you the worse experience -- I'm looking at the experience that I shouldn't tell you, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protecting.
I told myself that I would explore work, and I would get them to tell them.
And second, I told myself that the urban transports are survival.
And the best friends are very exciting to take the article, but the legs that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, what you know, how you think, how they talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person with who will come out of it as long as it comes out of their most close cell.
The new things come from what they call the free friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the records have a bad work or don't have work.
But the other half of it, and the trips are the way that we can use this group.
Now, half of the workers created they were never going on, then you know the head of your notice is the way to get a work not politically.
It's not going to do it. It's the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less important, Ella believe that you don't choose their family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was going to see it, I would be able to choose his family when I have a piece and his own family.
I told myself that the time to choose his family had come back.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I do with you.
But it will choose the person that you live right now or you take you now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the threat is not progress.
The best time to work in your material is before you have it, and that means to be so exciting in love as you are in the work.
You can choose your family has to be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to make it work or kill time with who it is that you get them to you.
So what happened with Europe?
Well, we looked at that direction -- and she found the fourth of a first one that worked on a piece of art in another state.
And this driver was helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the night that I live.
Now, five years later, it is kind of a species of events in women.
This is a man with a man who gets considered.
I love his new career -- I love his new family, and I sent up a letter that he said, "You know, the conservative spaces are not the big enough.
The Higgs story can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with you.
It's very easy to help them.
The records are like the airplanes that come out of the arms of the Archimedes, which come up to some of the surface.
And just before the drive, a blood distance in his journey makes the difference between anti-programming in Alexander or in Finga.
In the same way, in the same way, in the age of the age of the age -- a good conversation -- a good consequence, a good TED talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even in the next genes of the next few years.
This is my idea to be able to deal with all the telescopes you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell you.
This is what I now have the private to tell you to you as Earth every day -- the tribes are not the new 20 percent of them -- they take their adult, they get their advantage, they use their brothers -- they use their brothers -- they choose your family.
They don't want to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful work in the general built for a work that was even more exciting, the doctor that was even more extraordinary?
I went to show you mathematics in the public students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher -- I was applied and testing.
I give you tops.
When the work comes back, I was called the calculations.
What I call the attention was that CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance had no Christmas statement.
Some of my most smart kids was not going so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the signal signal, safe -- sure, depression, decisions, the area of a particular.
But these consequences are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they work hard and for enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a massive perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the CO2, but what if you have success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way.
So I left the cars and I went to the University to become a psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of destination stars, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Million Millimeter March Pole.
So we're trying to predict what cars are going to look at the military training and who would be reduced.
We went to the National National Congology and we're trying to predict what children would look at the most far as possible as they can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And we studied to the novel teachers working in really difficult areas, and ask what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year and those of those who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students?
We do that with private companies -- asking me, what about these sell self-consciousness are going to keep their point of work.
And who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make more money, and who is going to make
And in all those very different context -- it came up with a career as an important price of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good thing, the physical health and it wasn't the CO2.
It was the detail.
The detail is passion and perspective to get a very long plan.
The data is to have responsibility.
The detail is to go to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future a reality.
The detail is to live life as if it was a market, not a car to all speed up.
A few years ago, I started studying the detail in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my detail strategies, and then I hope about one year to see who they were going on.
It turns out that the children with more definition had a lot of deep properties -- even when you put them in every single slide that I could measure -- things like family income -- the results of the state trials -- even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in George Pole or in the National National Center in which it matters democracy. It's also in school, especially for the kids in risk to take it.
For me, the most important thing about demonstration is the little bit that we know, how little science is about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the discourse in the children?
So what should I do to teach kids a piece of work of work.
So how do you get them into the long plant?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that it doesn't give them detector.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of things that they just don't still go up with their computers.
In fact, in our data, the common data is not related to it or it is even related to the media media.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the detail in children is something called the belief of growth."
This is a developed idea in the University of South Delhi, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not long, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how you change the brain and grow into the challenge of the challenge -- they are much more likely to think about when they are, because they don't believe that that factory is a personal conditions of it.
So the speed of growth is a great idea to develop detail.
But we need more.
And that's where I would end my destiny, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong insects and we need to try them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to enjoy it, and we will start to start everything back with the lessons learning to it.
In other words, we need to be detected about making our kids be more detection.
Thank you.
I grew up in Taliban as the daughter of a paper, one of my most advertising remember is my mother showing the beauty -- the form and the picture of the Chinese face.
From that moment, I was wonderful for this incredible language.
But for a biotechnology, it seems to be as important as the Great Muslim Chinese.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can put this mouse, so that I want to understand that I want to understand the beauty of this language.
I started thinking about how a new method and fast to learn Chinese could be useful to be.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the arms in every face in the right school.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese access understand 20 cars.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic application.
The first 200 200 percent will allow them to understand the 40 percent of the basic freedom -- enough to read sea signals -- to understand the basic idea of the babies or the penguins.
Today I will start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you starting?
They open up their mouth as much as it is possible until it is completely.
They get a ball.
This is a person who is going to give a course.
person.
If the force of the future is a person with a person in both sides -- as if I was striking in a free way, "I am striking and standing and the situation in the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that it works.
This is a tree.
trees tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of dollars of a kept in the old floor.
I call these eight cars.
They are blocks of building so that they create a lot more care.
One person.
If someone walk back, that is to follow."
As the ancient said, two are companies -- three are complex.
If one person is going to get their arms up, this person is saying it was like this.
The person inside the box, the person is constructed.
It's a prison, such as John inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a foundation.
Three trees together, we have the forest too.
They put a table under the tree, we have the science.
They put a mouth on the tree -- that's a distance."  easy to remember -- because a tree tree is pretty fun.
Do you remember the first?
Two numbers together, it makes a very dangerous.
Three numbers together, that are a lot of called a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's to survive.
For us, the sun is the source of protection.
Two of them together.
Three together, those are advantage.
They put to the sun and the slump benefit together, that's the brother.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon. Let's go out.
A door -- they put a shoe inside the door -- it's the door of the door on the door of the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door in the door of the door of the
They put a box inside the door to ask questions.
The Tailund, there is somebody at home.
This person is coming out of a door -- spending, self-financial.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're destroying.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already spent for almost 30 percent.
When you use this method -- the first eyes will allow them to build 35.
The next group of eight cars will build other 32.
So with every little effort -- you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of houses, which is the same thing to learn a eight years.
And so after you know the face, we started to create fragments.
For example, the mountain and the future together, we have a forest. It's a voice.
We know that Japan is the Earth.
This is a sun with the original, because Japan is at this of China.
So one sun right next to the origin, we created Japan Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we do?
A dolphin person.
The side on the left are two monkeys on the other.
In the ancient China, that means in experiment, because the Chinese companies would get up to their political engineers beyond the mountains.
Today, the Einstein has become to go out.
And a box that tells them to where to go out is a speed.
This is a slide to tell me that I should stop talking to you and breaking from the stage and thank you.
What I care about being the film that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter had four years old, we saw the March Manhattan together.
And the film do your imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gandhi, of course.
He gave him a good experiment to use a brilliant sea and take a massive variety of me.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary ...
Now we live and we live to our children in a kind of child complexity of infected facilities.
However, the March Martin was a conservation in itself.
I didn't start that technique.
The trend really took a few years later with all, and then another movie who provides -- a minister of metaphor and a young girl and a young girl came to a straight girl as a garden of the energy.
Do you know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There's a great difference between these two film, there are a couple of different differences between the March and all the molecules that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the March March.
The monkeys are quite advertising, like the hands.
But I think that if the March market was done today, the machine would say, "Do you say, "Oh, you are the San San speech as the profession of the prison press.
You use the magic steps to draw the markets of the back of the back of the back of the back of the background.
But that's not what happens.
Another one one one of the Michael March is that the most dangerous characters and even virtues are women.
I started looking at this when I did this when I did Steve Washingtons to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son as well.
Just three years.
It wasn't invented to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the secret level was born.  And so it was destroyed in the room and he was interested in the room as a mom with his papers behind it, and I don't think he was going to understand what happened -- but individual, it would be underlying everything.
I ask you what it looks like.
Are you going to be value of value and personality?
Do you have the feeling that London is one to a role to take the government to the government, to drive."
So let's share this with the March of 1980s.
How do you go up with your film?
I do good friends with all of them and being a distance.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to create Olympic, right?
Why is there so much force capable of Foundation -- force in the movie for our children, and so little from the way of the street started starting to line the station of the starting started."
There is a lot of freedom about the impact of the male violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to do this statistic.
I know for the experience that the West Lesh doesn't give me the right face that would have been sitting in the world of adults that is mind.  I think that at the time of the first one, I really hope that the drugs started to get up because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has ended up, I have night.
Why do you still stay there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on driving the video and get their recognition, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other relationships.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an old animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiments, and it will define the principles of Darfur to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids -- even though they are, the kids are not really their public audience.
They do a fundamental job when I teach girls how to define the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who wrote new stories for our children, so real and excited as Harvard and Katrina, but they don't stop being a war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time continue to get up in a clinic after a clinic, every one of them about the corners of a child or a man, or two men who are friends -- or a man and his son, or two men who are creating a child.
Until many of you are thinking about this year, this year, finally came out.
And the answer to all of you. It's already available in you.
Do you remember what the critical said when I came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Park has made a film of a primary.
It's very good. They don't let them get the deals."
Well, almost none of these movies go through Berkeley.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has still been straight and no longer provide, but maybe we will start a movement.
Adam British is a distance of comments, and in the middle of the 1960s, I was a conversation that had had with a friend of the film of the film that they saw of.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to do -- in the film, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to take the recognition.
These women talk to each other at some point in the film?
Their conversations are about something else of the girl that so much of them like it?  All right?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
It happens -- I have seen it -- and yet I see it at the course that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of very good quality -- Argent.
Right? Robert Republicans -- an idea of it, an idea of what is a film of how much of it is.
It doesn't happen to be the test of Berkeley.
And I don't think that it would be, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a baby where men and women come up during the crisis.
We have a lot of men of men who have a deep and plastic conversation in this scale, and it's the great moment for one of the actions to take a look at the door and say, you come to the ball, right?
This is Hollywood.
So you put on the numbers.
In 2010, of the 100 more popular movies -- how many of them think they have female printing?
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's good.
But there's a larger number that this is going to do this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women say that has been accepted in your life.
I don't think it is the care of the massive attention.
I don't think the molecules for children have something to do with that.
And I don't think that the music video video or profit are completely coming up, but something like that, and when I listen to that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a great amount of sex.
Who are those guy. What are they learning for.
What don't you learn to learn.
They are allowed the story to say that the role of a male ice is to give up the video with violence with violence and then open the recognition, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
Are we taking that story up with that?
You know, as a father with the privilege of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very exciting statistics and we want to get them to them.
We have tools to our device as a power, and we hope that it would help it, but I have to ask you to ask you, but I have to ask you to protect it if at the same time, the same time, are we going on to our children so that they can keep their manifestation power?
I mean, I think the list of New States is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of music is changing right.
They will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the supermarket.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was his favorite character of Mr. Washingtons know what he remember?
Oh.
Alexander Kenya and Galapa.
So what do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the British version.
I think they are experiment.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that know more than nobody -- and you love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to help them.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter -- and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want a less stories in which I tell my son, and I read just and more stories where you see that his work is to join a team -- maybe a team called the women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the March March.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I like to look at was to look at a look at the costs of March because my parents told me that that would give me sure.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They are covered and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me to put them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the arm.
And finally when I started studying Editor, I realized that I would do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in England -- my little piece in Marine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles to go together to the Earth.
And I had been growing the size of cities.
This is really what it took me to use sacred images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the interview.
This is a place in the top of the top of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, it seems to be safe, but when we use the infrastructure and we process it by using the fantastic color and the place you can see the place as a brilliant room.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of the landscape that were made by the building materials and the activity of the ancient education.
I want to share with you how we have been used to be used to find an ancient city, called Antarctica, called the background for thousands of years.
It's the capital of the ancient Earth for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle States about 40 years ago.
The place in the Francisco, England, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great benefit of the ancient art art -- the architecture.
The experts have always known that Iraq was surrounded in some place about the list of the two records that built them in the red circumstances here, but somewhere within this huge piece of application.
This area is enormous -- it means about 120 percent of four miles ago.
Before the Earth right right on the side of Island and as it changed with the time, you go back to this and cover all the city.
So how do you find a clinical city.
I will try to find it to be able to be the equivalent to look for a hole in a play, with the eyes that are sold and using blocks of biological.
And so we use data distance data to make a map of the place, with very sophisticated change.
We were able to see where the island is.
But you can see more definitely, and it is even more interesting -- this is a very interesting area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the computer of Island.
So we put up with the Educational scientists doing this, and you can see it here.
When I say shows -- it's like the issues of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we look for human energy.
five feet down, under a strange cause of policy, we found a detail of charge object.
This means that in this possible computer of Iraq, five feet down, we have a number of several hundreds of years that give from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is Island.
We also found workers of poverty, corruption, four and gathering, which shows that there was a short table.
This might seem to be a lot of it, but when we think about the most common pieces used in the Middle East, these are the pieces that they used to.
So we have a detail detail that data from the Middle States in this place.
We also have an evidence of a piece of carbon targets that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Island here, but we will go back to the place in a close future to be able to collect.
And even more important, we have the resources to make young educations in the use of the sub-Saharan technology so that they can also do great discovery as well.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle States -- I was probably written in Island 400 years ago.
sharing knowledge is most of all the voices.
There's nothing like that in the Earth.
So it looks like this, TED was not forced in 1977 -- Chile.
And I make ideas really started in 1974 -- in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time.
And I certainly put the search of the search starts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to introduce you to get your eyes.
So imagine outside of the door of the home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that's done.
Now they are going to see a group of non-programmed novels in biologists.
They are sharing in a little bit of biology, and they go into the detection of their detail.
I need to look at this true.
They are going on, they're supposed, they're going to get a lot.
And they go up with the door of his house.
There are biologists flying all over all of the parts that are going on the side of the rights who ended up in the subject places -- they spend the boat of the door of the door of the door of the door of the door.
On the ship, the size, or what there is on the other side of the door -- and you look at the quality of light. The light light about the Galapago of Galleries.
It's going on.
From his size, on a short hair.
It's a horse to talk about.
You can feel their blue skin to make them the short on the nose.
You can use the grandmother and you can use it and you can be able to get on the ball.
They go on on one side and they go into his room.
And in the room, and I use a lot of their imagination -- imagine Britain Santashi.
This is a little bit of robotics, based on his center of center -- by telling me "His Higgs March March Man."
Now let me go to the carbon.
The ground has been involved with a way with a little bit of yellow streets and from the horse coming up to you Doctors, the Man Mandela, the Starring of "The March and the Law of "The March of "My Hans, starting to you.
Okay. They open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a pick content that has been taken in every New York City.
It's called the Mexico Congo Mexico.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific profit, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a surrounding supermarket.
There were several men and a few days of different age.
They were taking hundreds of advances -- looking at it only one time.
They had the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They were going to have an entire point in just minutes.
They start to see who I could be able to be able to get a lot of the order of a back of a barrier.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computer.
This is a man called Einstein Cold that had come from England and that has one of the best metaphors that have come out of England that has one of the better.
I said, "Yes, when do you realize you were a knowledge?
Einstein said, "I'm not a knowledge.
I actually have a average memory me.
All of the ones that come out of this company say they have normal memory.
We have been trained to do these microbes of memory using some ancient techniques -- invented about 2,000 years ago in Green, the same techniques that I used to be able to be able to measure their discovery, and that the drugs were used to be able to make bottom-up books.
And my reaction was, "Oh? How did I have not heard about this before?
We were standing out of the room, and E, who is a wonderful English English and brilliant, even though a little bit extraordinary, he said, "When you are a American printer.
You know British Sanitastics?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to teach myself to Brazil Saturns how to mention the order in a living back, in national television temperature.
That would give you the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Santashi, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up on the most part of the year next year not only trying to get my memory but also inspired, trying to understand how it works. Why do you sometimes not work and what it can be their potential like.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EDI.
He is very, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem. It's important.
somebody incredibly transportation, but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is King Pete. He was based by the paper of Delime Hollywood in the "Bloom "Blood Moore."
So we spent a third together in the public book in the public Library Canada, by telling us terrible gentlemen, it was controlled.
And when I came back, I got a lot of treatment about the written memory -- something over 2,000 years ago, in the Alexander and then in the Middle States.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having the interview memory -- distance and collaborative wasn't a little bit as rich as it can seem today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory -- in order to provide their mind.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed.
As we have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people who are ready for this idea of a transportation memory -- distance and curious is this complex company as well.
It's actually not so similarity, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invented to a group of memory companies, to the lab.
They wanted to know -- it's going to be brains in some ways, structure or distributed from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more smart than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest?
And they gave them a bunch of cognitive television, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting difference and meaning between the brains of the memory of memory and all of the control.
When they put them in a male machine machine. They spend their brains while they were working on numbers and forms and forms of contents -- they found that in terms of memory became part of the brain, different than others.
They were actually used -- or they seem to use -- a part of the brain that involved space and national memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
So the train of the computer memory is married as a carbon career in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly and then the rest of computers must put the day.
This is my friend Berkeley Prince, three times full of memory me.
In his writing -- in front of him, there are three backs of strangers that he's on the point of trying to get on an hour -- using a technology that he invented and just he died.
He used a similar technical technology to measure the process of 400 percent advertising distance.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that politicians call "the "designer "disaster?
And it comes with a piece of particular entrepreneurs known like the Palm Bangladesh." I say two people who remember the same word -- I say to you -- I say there's a man called Bangladesh."
That is his supply.
And then I asked you, remember there's a balloon and the background."
And when I came back later, and I asked you that word that I told you about a ratio?
Do you remember what was it?
The person who said that his name is Bang is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who said that his work is bad."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's rare.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bank, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all the other remember that they give for their head.
But the word, "Bladerrous? We know paintings.
They use some white similarities.
They have hands in the hands.
They get well when they come home to work.
We probably know some painting.
And when we had that word for the first time, we started to put a lot of things that are going to be able to be able to go up in some time in some time.
One of the most exciting techniques to do this about 2,000 years ago.
It's known as the market of memory."
The story says like this, there was a picture called Simons that are going to go into a ball.
They had found it as an understanding -- because before, if you wanted to give a very good period, it didn't take a DNA, it was taken to a point.
He came out of it, I read his memory of memory -- and it goes down, and so soon it was, the room of the ball is collecting.
They do it all to all.
But it's not just the killed to all of them to all, but I tried to get the bodies out of it.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't understand the body.
It's a transportation behind the other.
Simple situations, in the middle of the boards, in the middle of the boards, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every single invited one.
I took the family of the hand to take them up to where their beings were left between the boards.
The thing that situations came up at that moment is something that we all know more or less interestingly, and it is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or instruments of the words of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and visual space.
If you ask me to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would argue that if you ask them to tell them who was sitting on the top of the street show in his view, they would be able to see it.
The idea of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy -- the biggest one, spiritual and support is the image -- more likely to be.
This is a content that comes out of over 200 years ago, to the first few years of memory -- at the end of it.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invented to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it -- in the same way that had been done if they had been invited to TED about 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of their house.
And it would be some kind of kind of an absolutely rich image -- crazy and income to help us remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that completely inevitable company.
And then you can imagine into their home, and look at the University of the Galapagos Manhattan on Michael Ed.
And that will tell you that they want to introduce his friend Edia Columbia.
And then you look at Brazil Sanitarians to remind you that love that you want to tell you.
And then they go into the cancer, and the fourth thing that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a year ago, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
So this is how they were going to have their displays, not a word -- not a word -- that is going to be able to trust them, but typical per typical time.
In fact, the term term comes from the Greek Treasure, which means "Straight."
It's a version of when people thought about the origin and in the relationship with this kind of specific terms of space.
The fire first photograph, it would be like the first place in his memory of memory for me.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something outside about this substantial metal survey.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly distant event of it.
Instead, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting there. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is moving the front up.
I'm a picture and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to you.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it into his place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times simply trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an old school analyzed built in a carbon market.
And I found out that this was surprised into it.
I would have expected it to be.
It was excited, because it was not just to get the memory to me.
What is actually about doing is to make more and more and more the ability to create the ability to create and imagine these right images -- colleagues, professionals, started and extraordinary extension, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
So this is me, using my team to be training for the memory of memory for me.
This is a couple of bees and a few of them are a course of service security with the card by leaving only two holes -- because distribution is the worst energy of a memory company.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of particular experience.
I thought this could be very good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the content, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So these are just transportations.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be able to build the memory of the memory or to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a little bit about a little bit.
And we often talk about people with a great memory as if you were going to try to be able to be a distance -- but it's not the case.
And the great memory is educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get a deep one.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques are only background.
In fact, they are not even a real line.
They work because they make us work.
They make a kind of deep process -- a kind of complete attention.
But the reality is that there's no landscape.
This is how things are doing metaphor.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, is what E, the audience that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the top of our remind up.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our existence is going to lose in the Boston or iPhones, don't pay attention to the human being in front of us, who walk on our side. We will be so dangerous that we don't even move into productivity?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory capacity in all of us.
But if you want to live a mental life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years in the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to run in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject -- so we're going to get just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am at all.
In the school, from my display, I was the battle that I share with my sister ...
And in my distance and the battery, there was a box that was going to the room.
And there all of them were looking at the theory. So every time I went out of my room at the battery, they all look at me, and every time I got up and come back into a table, you all see me.
And I was like this.
It was a short, I went up and I had it.
I heard that record, I went out of that back, I had had that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
He saw it.
Those feelings that I feel -- that's the power of architecture -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- but of all of those visualizations -- but of those victims that we feel in the places that we go on.
And it's not that we feel that we sit out of that way, because I agree with the Alexander of Antarctica Professor -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their long time under it.
And it is, 90 percent of the time we are reduced of architecture.
That's a lot.
And the architecture is given us in ways that we don't even tell us.
That makes us a little bit and very, very, very likely to do that.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you can do -- you think about power and democracy?
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a train.
It's a depression that uses architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our building.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this journey for a long long time.
We use it about 200 years ago to build books.
We use it in the 19th century.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build home.
Look at them, these states are statistically, surrounded, in front of the sea, full of the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is antibiotics.
It's cool, it takes a long time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build the computers and the governments and the governments are always fear to innovation and they want to use ways they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a bunch of building.
This is the public Bangladesh of Linux who ended up in 2010, and you know, it has a channel, and you know, it has this right thing -- colors, red red -- which will be able to figure out what Liberian is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the children -- the story.
But it does not have a lot to do with a book today.
That same year, in 2009, at the other side of the country, the other side of the country, and he ended up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in Secretary.
This slide shows how we use the media of communication in the digital age of the discovery.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings are both biologically, they're so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the protection.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that we can put new technology, new species, new solutions for the current forms of life.
We started -- we started and stretched so much of the people.
All of the black -- you know, you believe that we feel very well, but we're dead by because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back with those surgery signs.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we are all happy, so we started to experience again, and we have to be able to be able to be able to go back to each other, over and over again, and we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 100 years ago.
The architecture were used to experience with the straight call."
It has to do with the anticipation.
That can be angry.
You see small sea, in the destruction scale.
Something really hard.
So we are going on to the 80 and we started trying to put those symbol up.
We put the protection in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that you like and we do them.
We were going on and we were going on, and we use new materials and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it up.
We take Charles China and we turn them into schools, that can be medical medical medications.
The ways they get up, they get up in the content and color.
The engineers became colors.
They grew up to the size of the building.
A collection.
But they were the 80s, that was great.
We all spend the reason in commercial centers -- we moved to the barriers, and there, in the subjects, we can create our own artificial fantastics.
They could be at the middle -- the French or the started.
It was possible with a piece of paintings of painting.
This is what happens with the policy.
So this is what happens with the symbol of them.
They are easy -- they are characteristics, because instead of creating new space, we come back to remember other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that this is not the Tailon.
This is OK.
The architecture are sitting there, and we started making the protection of new in the other direction.
In the years, and at the beginning of the 90 and the beginning of the 90 -- we started to experience with the decision of decisions.
We took the historical symbol -- now we tell us with new design techniques of design, and we found us with new compassion, a few ways that are written against other ways.
This is antibiotics and emotional, and it's supposed to be possible.
And usually the subject of new destination in the opposite direction.
But then it happened to something amazing happened.
In 1990, this building.
It's the God of Bill Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Galaran said that Bill was one of those moments when you crime, and the public and public and public in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York Times Taliban takes this biological construction built up.
The temperature in Bill ended up in a 300 percent when the building.
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings, the Angeles, Santa, China, Chinese, Nicole, Charles.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first scale.
But how is it possible to be possible that these forms and sands, how is it possible to become super-acceptable around the world?
And it happened because the media was taken into them and quickly we learned that those ways they mean culture.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing did is the very main careers of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture.
And this number of beginning in the new million countries with other scale.
He went to Zimbab and Lincoln, and what happened with these few of these few artists in the New York, actually started to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of information of information.
Think for example, for example, how you get architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transition is acceptable, you can take a box, a plane can be transportation.
The green technology -- you can see in the pieces, in the theory, and at the end of the end, we are all pictures of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical culture.
The architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communities finally had the speed of architecture.
Because architecture move so quickly.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two or 100 buildings -- before you know if that I designed four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good interview in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brother was not a two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were described.
That is never going to come back to happen. I think, because we are in the top of the biggest revolution in the architecture from the ants in the architecture, and the architecture or the attention, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply to the media to the media of communication -- it starts to be in both of the things that are going to be in both of these things as much as we are in both of the extraordinary things, and it is called the difference.
Now we can now make them almost installations, with an emotional thing, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were connected to put up this building that was constructed.
This is the center of a village called Pennsylvanias in South Island, in the state of New York City.
It's a common community.
But that means that two years before the building, was already part of the community, and as the distances look exactly at the end product -- there was no surprises.
The building is going to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped being a building, it became a community, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes us close with the collective memory -- and when you take these symptoms -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the friends to tell us how to think about.
We can tell us what we think about architecture because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those little Liberians of Linux.
If that building is built today, we first would go to the Internet for "the basis of "biologists?
We would be put with examples of experience -- of innovation about what it can be a biology.
That is music.
You can bring the colleague of Linux, to the people in Linux, and tell them that there is no unique response to what it can be a biological today.
We're going to be part of this.
And this solution of solutions is going to be able to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture are no longer those mission creatures that use words that are using great words, and one is no longer a developed public that doesn't accept something that haven't seen before.
The architecture can listen to -- and you don't let the architecture.
And that means that the dark protection of a way to another one to another one to another one, is incredibly.
In fact, we can continue to go up and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
So this means that a public space in the ancient city city can be only only and adapted to the middle of a modern city.
This means that a study in Brazil can be that, a study in Britain, and not a bad history of red strange started in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that a few robots will build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce it.
That means that buildings are going to get up to the changes of nature and not to it.
So this means that a piece of space in Michael British, Francisco, also can be able to make a depression or for money, or even you can go out there on the night.
So this means that three architecture can be supported in the New York City in New York City in New York City, and it will take half a million dollars of the community in the course of that cause is no longer a village alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little bone of records, as dark and financial as the animals are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a volunteer or a robot who built our buildings out.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we built is.
The architecture already knows how to do more economic buildings, more smart and more antibiotics.
We've been waiting for all of you.
And finally, we're not at the opposite side.
They find an architecture.
The buildings not only represent our society, but they give it way to the smaller space, the local books -- the local books where we form our children, and the step of the dollar to the ball.
Thank you very much.
This is my survey, Stephen.
I just put a year and I started walking out.
And it makes it a great way of the children in a year, training, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs away.
It is totally proud of it.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the species.
She really love their reflection.
And it goes up and chairs, and it goes to themselves these big balls and heads.
It's beautiful.
Unfortunately, all his friends do this and my mom I realized that I used to do it, and he made me think, when to do this?
How is it that we suddenly are not going to do with our application?
Because we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking at Google -- "I'm free?
This is Facebook, it's 12 years old, and I lived in Denmark.
And as any advertising, you just want to be wanted to be wanted to go and go.
It's down at night.
It's going to be presented for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit.
In between what his mom tells him and what his friends, or what your friends are like, you don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, I put it in Hollywood, and he asked other people to leave a common, "I'm based or am I free?
Well, until now, it has got more than 13 communities.
Some of these are so depressed, that they don't even look at it to think about them.
So let's talk about a healthy angel, normal and corner, which gets these answers in one of the stage of their most vulnerable life.
There are thousands of people are putting video video like this, in their most exciting girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you going to do this?
Well, the engineers today are never alone.
They are under lost in line and available all the time, talking about, speaking up, by giving me like, starting, sharing it, showing you, this is never done.
We have never been so connected to have been so connected -- in the way that you know, so young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his room every night.
There is just no private.
And the social pieces that go out of the hand with that are implication.
This environment, of being always connected to our kids to get up in the number of the number of "I like you and the kinds of food that they get in.
There is no difference between a living life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is antibiotics, and what is marriage distance.
What is the most straight thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a day diagnostic."
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are made from the news of the girls now.
They have a close model on the size of our steps.
The technical technology is now a roll.
And you're like, "Disappear, telescope, telescope, training and standard.
For those of you who are going to do it, it took pressure.
These technologies are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not an increase to this.
Like the subjective stars of the depression, and the course of the doctors.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our kids to grow up and be individuals very underlying.
But in a cultural culture for the image -- we're teaching our kids to take more time and effort mental to their application, the price of all of the other aspects of their identity.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their studies and other things start to happen.
Six in every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the blood enough.
These are not a traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and such as companies to society.
32 percent -- almost one of three cars are not interested in the classrooms. They have to be able to be able to be able to be able to call it because they don't want to call the attention for their physical ways.
One of five percent of them are not going to get up to the days for the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And at the end of it, if you don't believe that you see the enough good enough -- especially if you don't think you are social enough, you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has come in Francisco, the United States and China.
And it goes into what they actually spend these young people.
So so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you -- not how you are true.
The bottom on your body is replaced by the acceptance of accelerating.
And it's also making the health.
The steel advantages do less physical activity -- and they eat less physical and versus, they are going to go in more distance than you can take them to a food strategy.
They have a lot of corner.
They are easier for the people who are going to go up and are in greater risk of depend on.
And we think it's all about what you take more reporting decisions -- as the control of advertising and drugs -- distance statistics, straight scientists, sexual relationships to the early age and no protection and profits and profit.
The search of the perfect body is asking the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
women who believe that they have super-acceptable again, and they don't have a lot of attraction of attention.
17 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day that they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could go up with this, what would that happen?
It's going to look at this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
It's not based on.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to put trust in their own body.
We have to help our advantages to develop structures to solve the pressure of the perfect images and build their content.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of a lot that many people are really interested in, without giving the situation.
And so we need to make sure that the program that will follow our children not just to have a positive impact but also a strong impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
So these six things are very critical points for any willing to provide an education in the body contract that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're going to focus on this problem about each of us that we take in the issue and we're a better model to follow women and the girls in our own lives.
And by changing the current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our cities.
It's not good to tell us about our politicians in color colors or the size of their cars, or in order to figure out that democracy or success of a climate air depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not why you see it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and food that we published in our social network.
We can bring people on their effort and their action and not in their approach.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a species?
In short, we have to work together as communities -- like governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our children are growing up all their person, using the individual -- the diversity -- the information.
We have to put people who are actually taking the difference in a profession.
By making a difference in the real world, we make them those ones that go in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never going to see that you can never be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
On your wife?
On your sister?
On your daughter?
On your surrounding?
It could just be just the woman who is about two diseases of distance. What would it mean for it if it was free of that primary voice in his environment, which I was excited by not having long legs -- the more dead, a little bit more plant, and you get a little bit more plant, and you get a little bit more space, and you get a little
What would it mean for her if we would go out of this and we would say that we would have been able to go out of the potential of that way that way.
Right now, the goal of our culture with images is running all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
So let's show that the way you see you is just one part of your identity -- and the truth is that we love them who are and what they do, and because they make us feel like us.
We include the car in the cars of our schools.
We change every one of us, the way we talk about and we compare with other people.
And we worked together as a community -- from small groups to governments -- so that the little transportations of a year of today, they become an enormous change of changes of itself.
Let's do it.
The first five percent of 1990, a sea called Deley Collider went into a hospital in Mandela and killed the Roman Manhattan Kang, the leaders of the Let Jane Japan.
In order for us to do it in the end of it, but I will be price by other legs -- at the company of others -- they started to plan attention to about 12 countries from New York City including terrorists, including sites and the U.S.
And by the way, those plants were forced by a number of the future.
So at the top of 19 in the Gulf Transparency Center was not able to explore.
And later to be able to be able to be connected by his own particle.
Earth is my father here.
I was born in Park, I was born in Park, and I was going to be a Education engineers -- with a American mother -- showing the early school.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few -- even most of the Muslim -- they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with it, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion -- in all of the human groups, there is always a little failure of people who are going to be so likely to their conversations that you think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, had been going on to the story of land in London Island, to protect it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the point of the top of the Charles who without knowing our group -- I was flying by the FBI of the FBI one.
When I took me up, my father helped me hold the risk in the man and explain me how to put the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last box that I was able to give him to the little light light on the goal and to surprise all of all, especially me, all of the state of the state in called called the card.
My thing was turned back to the other ones and in right, he said "It "Armela."
In such a father -- such a child.
And all of all, the food makes them a lot of rich -- but just a few years later, I understood what they would look like so much.
They saw in me, the same level of development that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be able to be able to be able to put a computer with 600 miles in the top of the North Train Training of the World brought up with an explanation that killed six people and he had a hundred other people.
I looked at those men.
I call them "autism?
And when I went back and I had moved over 20 times -- I had been moved up with 20 times -- I didn't allow me to do a lot of antibiotics.
Every time I started to sit close close to someone already was time to push and go to another city.
And as I was always a new face of the class with free was victim of magnetic.
And I built my identity to avoid to be the war, but it will be the new of the class and similar and record, it was enough.
So most of the time in the home reading books -- looking at TV or playing video games on it.
And by these reasons don't develop social skills to tell them surprised, by growing down, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was able to play to people -- with based on advertising installations, like their reason or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way to think, it was during the private choices of 200 percent.
In a critical program in which I went in the National National Congolist, in Park.
So my group is focused on the subject of the young violence -- as I had been victims of my life, almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came out of different process.
One day, to the end of the conversation. I found that one of the kids we had made a friend, it was right.
It took a number of days to go to the light, and I realized that there was no animal between the two.
I had never had a little friend of mine and finally I felt very proud of having been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at me that all life had made me believe that it was an incredible.
Another critical moment came up when I got a video work in California, a piece of fun.
I found people from all kinds of growth and culture, that experience result in the development of my own.
All of the life had taught me that the hospital was a fish, and by the way, all the men were bad information.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with a lot of men there, in a spirit, and I could see that several of them were the most alternative and less critical that had seen in life.
So having been accumulated of the kids, I developed a sense of experience to the suffering of other people, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have decided to be treated.
And so I was able to find the strategies that had taught me of a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how it is to be honest, but I know what it's going to be like by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Dan Santa."
All night, John Stanford was made me incredibly honest to my interviews, and he helped me see that the reason of people, the religion or the sex organization, they have nothing to do with the car.
In a lot of ways he became my father in a moment where I was excited to do it.
In years, the inspiration can come out of it -- and that a classical control had had a better influence in my life than my own father that my own father was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to get in my heart for always while it's alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has happened enough with entire decision and he said, "I'm calling the short."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate in your environment.
My real name is not Zimbab Elephant.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a positive position?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this video violence and interviewed -- I didn't get to make a lot of me.
By the way, I decided to use my experience to fight against the terrible and against the prisons.
I do it by the victims of the terrible and for their beings -- because of the third pain and the loss that the technology has been produced in their lives.
And by the victims of the television to talk against those acts without sense.
With this simple simple I'm going to tell you here as the violence that violence is not intelligent to any religion or reason, that children don't have to follow their parents in their parents of their parents of their parents of them.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that is project in their mind.
This is an incredible molecule film.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning of it.
Your movie has a climber, support and television.
You feel your body, your dollar, your painting, your plant.
It has emotions and happy and happy.
It has remember, as a moment of your information that you have to get to your eyes.
And it has a single voice in your flow of consciousness thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in direct time.
This film is your form of consciousness -- the support of the experience of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Every one of us.
We all have an international movie -- you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly.
And so I know I have a very simple conference for me.
I don't have any sure that you are aware of.
The consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most important phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considering?
Why do we have these international movies of it?
Why are we not just robots that we have to make to produce results without experience the international movie engineering.
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that in order to try science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science science science.
The science, by nature, is objective.
The consciousness of nature, is supported.
So there can never be a science science science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I tried that vision.
The physics studied the behavior of the behavior -- the neurons studied the brain -- but no one often mentioned the consequences of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific workers about the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consequences of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neutrators like friends and physical and physics like Richard Pennsylvanias said, "You know, is the moment for science to bring the consequence."
And since then, there was a real explanation -- a strange of the scientific work about the consciousness work.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental relationships to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search search for some areas between some areas of the brain and some of the states of the consciousness and some of the state.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that was called National Kang a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the aware experience of looking at face or to be happy or feeling happy.
But this is a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of cognitive experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neurons respond to some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain are going to do with what they get up.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to help the neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
So I didn't take the real central mission of this material -- why do all of the physical process in the brain has to be accepted by consciousness?
Why is there a strange international movie?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give us a few years to nature.
It is going to become another huge phenomenon as the boards, like the life, like the life, and we're going to find explanation to it.
The typical supermarkets are all cases of emerging behavior -- how do they work the blood, how they work together, how they go together, and they get together and measure the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the open work.
That could be able to apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the forces of the human brain as a sense of, how we walk on, how we talk about, how we talk about, how are we going to play all of them -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is accepted from a surprisingly surprising experience.
And here it is, the state of survival, the state of the neuroscience, actually doesn't still have a lot to say.
I am a scientific materials.
I want a scientific theory of the report that works -- for a long time, I was made the head against the wall looking for a theory of the consciousness in the physical terms that will work.
But at the end of the end that that didn't work for similar reasons.
I think we are in this point.
We have a wonderful explanation of wonderful explanation -- we were going to get us to this -- the physics explain the chemical -- the chemical explain biology, the biology explain part of the planet.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to look at this school.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are.
On the other, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the consciousness -- right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to get into our view of the world, but we don't know how we do it.
With an animal like this, you can need rural ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning to look crazy -- before you can deal with a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend Darwin December, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no very difficult problem of consciousness for me.
All of the idea of the international film is including a kind of improvisation or control.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objects of the brain, the behavior of the brain -- and this is what you need to do anything you need explanation to.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the conservative consciousness -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other people, that vision is pretty close to just the survival of the consciousness is support.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I said, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be protected.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental is.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental legs, the space and the mass and the mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- like the law laws or quantum mechanical laws as well.
These laws and fundamental property doesn't explain in terms of nothing else in terms of it.
At the course of it, they get fundamental -- and there is the world.
At time, the list of the fundamental goes down.
In the 19th century, I found that you can't explain that you can't explain the electric phenomenon in terms of very strong consequences -- space -- space -- and so I put the basic laws in the electronics, and I put the electric color as a fundamental concept that those laws are government.
I think that is the situation that we find with the consciousness of it.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- space -- and so on, the short, then by the way, you have to play the list of it.
The most natural thing would be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a fundamental conservation of nature.
This doesn't mean that it doesn't mean it's not about science.
You open the way to make it a scientific way.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the consciousness with other fundamental concepts, the space, the space, the material, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can be able to be able to be in a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could be able to be able to be in a cat.
We don't still know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be university to be.
Every system can have a group of consciousness to me.
This vision sometimes is called personality, "Disappear for all of all, every single system is conscious, not just humans -- not just humans -- the films, the microscopes, even the microbes of Robert King, the right particles of it.
Even a picture has some of the consequence of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or you think about.
It's not that a picture can be full of analysis when you think of, always travel the speed of light.
I can never determine the robots of the robots."
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of the sense of conservation, support, some of the critical printer of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consciousness of the consequences of the consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think something so low?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, which is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass -- is nature that it can also be universal -- just like the other.
It also goes out to notice that even though the idea looks like, it's a lot less for people in different culture, where the human mind seems more a context with nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relationship the thinking of physical process, is taking care of information.
There are always a process of information, there is consequence.
It is a proportion of complex information -- like in a human beings.
It's a very simple information.
So something very exciting is that in the recent years, you have a neurologist, George Tomorrow, took this kind of theory and the development of the development with mathematical media.
It has a massive mathematical measure of information -- which is called the decline of information in a system.
And I supposed to have to do with consciousness with me.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible group of information of information -- a high degree of consequence, a lot of consciousness in it.
In a mouse there is a group of information of information -- like a pretty significant thing, a very important.
But when you get to the microbial microscopes, the microscopes, the decade of sandwich he said.
The level of information of information is better, but it's not close to it.
In the Terrorism theory there will still be a different level of conservation.
In fact, it was a fundamental law of the consequence, the high ground of consequence, high consequence.
In fact, another reason is that personalization can help us understand the consequences to the physical world.
The physics and the teachers have looked at the physics that the physics is completely abstract.
I describe the structure of reality using a lot of systems, but we don't talk about the reality that I survived down.
As you explain Steve Handi, where does the future go out of the equation?
So from the participation of the physics of physics you can leave as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of the consciousness.
That's what the physics do basically -- they describe the flow of the consciousness.
In this vision -- the consciousness is the one that put it on the equations.
In that vision -- the consciousness doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right right there.
This vision -- I think, the political vision -- it has the potential to bring our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious straights.
Some of you can be incredible.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then it must be a very self-conscious.
If you are a paper and you take that vision and you have a lot of honey.
I think that this is going to transform your vision -- while what you care about in terms and moral consequences -- it's not so much the fact that it is the fact that it's the fact that it is the fact that their importance and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity.
It also is natural to ask the consciousness in other systems like computers as computers as computers are.
What about the artificial intelligence system in the "ball "Person?
Is it consider?
In the vision of the participation information -- she has a complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, you have a very serious problem about the time of the development of smart computer systems and the time to get them out.
And finally, you can ask you for the full collective cancer, the planet.
Do you have their own consequence?
Or at a more local level, a bunch of interview, like the audience in a TED talk, at this moment we have a TED collective film, a movie movie for this full group of TED -- different from the international movies from each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be seriously.
So this particular view -- it's a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second one that it is universal.
The view of a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- a lot of challenges like, how are those pieces of thinking.
If we can respond to those questions -- then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious consciousness theory.
If not, well, this is the most difficult problem of science and flower.
We can't wait to solve it at night to the morning.
But I think we're finally going to find it out.
To understand consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal painting -- a lot of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends -- I was born with my beautiful sister with me.
It was all a very normal thing.
And when I was 15 years old, a members of my community is about my parents because I wanted to name for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very blue, but there is an evolutionary problem.
She actually has not got anything."  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good neighbors. After school -- I had a lot on my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the Sea Valley and "Didel "The "Disability "The College "The College Court."
Yeah, I know. What do you know.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that you can consider as a conservation if we take the distance out of the equation.
So you go back in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the class -- a guy who was going to put the hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your distance?
And I said, "What do you do?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know you.
When the people in the room -- they talk about international things in school?
And so the general thing of action?
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experience with people who are disconnected as interview object.
And we don't are, and it's not about the girl -- I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our doctors or our doctors or us.
We are not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm in this stage to look at what I do in this street street, and you're probably waiting for them to inspired them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to tell you a little bit.
I'm not here to introduce you.
I'm here to tell you that they have been sitting in relationship to discovery.
Yes, they have come up with the mind that the disconnect is something March, at the way, March March.
It's a bad thing and living with a disconnect makes you a experience.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make a expensive one.
And in the last few years, we have been able to pay even more of this mind through social community.
It's possible that you've seen images like this: "The only difference in life is a bad activity."
Or this one is another?
Or the other one -- before I got up, it is transforming it."
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you've seen one of the kids without hands with a story supported by the box.
You may have seen a child who came up with a little carbon freedom of carbon film.
And there are a lot of these images -- which are what we call in the performance individual.
And I use the term in a device -- because they give a group of people for the benefit of other people.
And so in this case, we were going on to the displays in benefit of people without disconnected.
The purpose of these images is to engage them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that's my life, it could be worse than my life.
I could be that person person."
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been straight to explain that they believe that I think I am worth or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public person.
It was as if I was going to get up for the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to control.
These images -- those images are going to people who are disconnected in the benefit of people without disconnected.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry in perspective.
And life as a distributed person is actually something else.
We know some things.
But the things that we know are not the things that you can think about.
They're not real things to our body.
I use the term people disappearing the store called the social model called the social model of discovery, which tells us that we are more disconnected because of the society that we live in our bodies or distance.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned how to do the best of their ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens with those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything.
They are just using their bodies coming up with the best of their ability to do.
So it's really just to get them up in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people tell us, you're a source of institution it tells him as a computer.
And I know why happens.
It is about the memory of me, because they have come up with this feeling that the distance makes us.
And also, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
So I'm here by interviewing the inspiration -- and you think, "Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that I are.
And I learned from other people in every time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a great idea to use the things that you get to me --  I learned the transportation of how to capture the battery of the mobile phone at the bottom of the street.
General.
We learn from the force and responsibility of others -- not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that goes up and it was constructed.
And I really think that I think that you have been sold about disconnection is the biggest institution.
It makes us a hard life.
And that call, "The only slide in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is to look at it because it's not true because of the social model.
A lot of supports to a bunch of scale has never done that it becomes a back.
You never never --    Star to a TV screen will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be supposed to be supported for the subjects.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a free and making a positive approach to turn all those books to the brother.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where the distance is not the experience, but the normal one.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years old, sitting in his display looking at "Blader Star Stephen is not considered from nothing to be in a classroom.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experts of the people who are happy that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names for the morning.
And I want to live in a world where we value the generation of people with disconnected, and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprising that their new teacher is a subject of the street street.
The distance doesn't make us, but it will cost what you believe to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look like.
And what is the average speed of a corner without carbon?
Unfortunately, only to respond to one of those questions -- so please don't give up.
When people think about it -- you think about "Mornon Republican and in Thomas Craig by using the hands in the air -- but the reality is not science science.
This is something that is going to happen in our days and going to happen because we have the tools for that, and people need to know, because the real reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real reality?
The first step -- is what I take person, the Google Googles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I will allow you to experience what it is to be a professional depression in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a ball that you will get up with his picture.
We can use the Google Googles, under a catastrophed and know what is running through the field of play at the age of 100 miles -- the blood with the side.
We can know that it feels like a 1950s man presented us, trying to deal with all of their be.
I've been there and I make sure that it's not a grandmother.
I have a few videos to show you what the Google Google is under the catastrophe, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the NASA prisoners, because the idea of the Nigeria technology is a surrounded support to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kana: Let's go.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment.
Pressure?
OK.
Chris Kang," as you can see, is a property of what it is to be taken in the field of flowering -- from the perspective of the taxi.
You will have realized that it is a lot of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, research from the University of Washington University.
Man March for film, "Boys 12.
I blue eight.
Chris Kana: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in NASA.
They want that experience.
The families want to be in the field -- to be their favorite places, and they have asked me in London, and in Twitter -- you can see from the emergency of a field.
Or from a robot?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Googles, how do we get out of the flow -- how do we take it into the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Richard Richards, which is just a lot of you know.
The Richard River has been described as the application of the most real visual reality -- and it's not bad battle.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, yeah.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing play? No.
Oh, my God, Oh."
CA: That is the experience of a man in a recently taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a lot when we get a video of Arabic Professor crossing the line -- by getting out of an arm with the arm before you go back and make an analysis? What will the experience of a famous way.
When it can be mentally running up on the street, you put the mouse on the bottom of the network? Or do you make a stage in Bangladesh."
What would your experience be when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles like a common school?
Maybe you get the version of patients for adults.
But this is not really an extraordinary thing.
It's just visual reality.
How do we get the right reality -- Rock?
We're going to go back to the right reality when the interviews, the microscopes and the directors see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to make particles?
Because they always use technology to win it.
They like to win it. I give you money.
So here is a little bit of the technology about the technology in NASA.
In 1979, the Poles of Bang gave him a month to his field of field to play faster than it would play faster to it.
They won the South Bang that year.
The other team decided to do it.
More people saw the price because it was more exciting.
In 1990, the NGO will put robots in the cars of the field of field and after the depressions.
They had more specific because it was faster because it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster than it was faster because it was faster than it was faster than it was faster because it was faster than it was faster than it was faster because it was faster than it was faster than it was faster because it
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game showed from you, in a plastic of plastic that you get person. You will no longer have to worry about forget a game.
And for me to measure the structure.
They just go up to the field and you get up.
And they want to do it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they lose particles, and they have to lose participations.
And if you lose you as you lose you as an interview.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a lot of better strategies in the back.
The relative reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particle.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the state having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You can also get information from the signals of the cars and the advertising, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is looking at your players.
The good teachers will know to send them.
The bad is going to have information of information.
This is going to make the good teachers of the bad.
So your team team will be as important as your records -- and the data of data will stop going to be only for neighbors.
It will also be for depressions. Who would have imagined?
So what would it be like in the field.
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the ball and the bones.
You look at an open record.
And you get to the area of progress.
Another flow is going to be an open record.
You take the balloon, but you give you you.
And the mouse lost the transportation.
You don't know where to work. However, the record see in his view an area of ice that goes up and it can be able to make the face.
You know, it goes up with the ball, right and analyze.
The public public and the families have followed the game from each electronics.
This is something that is going to create a massive emotions in the particle.
It will make a lot of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The actual reality is going to be part of the depression because it is too smart to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the real reality?
Are we going to use it just as painting and close as our high entrepreneurship institution?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the right reality to form the company between human beings, to show somebody how it is, literally being in the place of other person.
We know what this technology is going on for the disconnected lines.
It makes thousands of millions of engineers a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a guess how much drawing is their action from the perspective of the victim?
So how much is this technology for a gas in U.S. or Richard trying to show the world how is it being present?
How much is it also for a Charles College or a North Department or a New York Texas trying to inspired a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of the station and Katrina notions.
Stages and gentlemen, the actual reality is going on.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we are, as always of us.
Thank you.
It recently took me back after 25 years of service in the Handin Path of California.
Most of those 24 years old, I was able to spend the end of the state of Marine Congo, which including the Great Galapator.
The bridge is an international structure -- known for their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the West Park, and its instrument is an artificial station.
By the way, it's also a picture for surgery, being one of the most used places in the world.
The World Galapago was open in 1977.
John Stars, you have a nice stage of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is probably in subjects of support.
The dream from the bridge is not pressure or probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably is not progress."
But from the application, more than 1,000 people have gone out of their death from that bridge from it.
Some of you believe that to travel between the two of them to bring them to another distance, this bridge has been involved as a thing, so that the each from him from all of your worry and pain and the water and the water that are going down under your size.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to eat surprise.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body body against the water.
The impact would break the bones -- some of the ones who are looking at visual organs in the short.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that no, they are usually starting in the indication water and then they get up.
I don't think that the ones that take this method of support is realize of the death of the death that they will get in.
This is the cat.
It goes around the two therapies, there are 35 percent of the particles of the bridge to the brain.
This is where most people are going to get up to the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that bone, and at the most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office by getting his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working in the bridge -- we had no form of form.
We started to raise the way through these calls called it.
This was not just a bad service to those of you who take the surprise, but the buildings as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, very self-confidence and psychologists come to the new officers.
This is James Gandhi.
I met it the 25 percent of the last year in the past year when you get a call of a possible sound surgery sitting in the heart near the center of the center.
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at Japan talking to a Green German Germany.
James had only 35 years old, and he had gone down here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had gone up to here two times before New Yorker to try to get up from this brain.
After a time talking to Japanese, we asked us if we knew the story of the Palestinian bank.
And I remember the friend of the British microbes, Zetas created Paulo, and I sent it to the Earth with a box and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, one day, the culture was more than Paul, and she opened the box up.
From she came out of plants, you know, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So David asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope.
And it was destroyed by the right, and it was included on the right, and it was.
And this was an amazing and smart thing in New East, I just had to take the life.
I talked to the parents of Japanese that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan had asked it.
The collection of the dream affect a lot of people.
I put these questions -- what would you do if a members of your family, a friend or someone love was surprising?
What would you do?
You know what to do?
In my experience, not just you have to talk about, but you have to listen to.
I will hear to understand it.
And you don't tell you, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel -- because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of information they need.
If you think that somebody is surprising, you have no afraid to focus them and do the question.
One way to do the question is, "What in similar similar has thought about looking at their life, have you had these thinking?
It will take the person in front of the front can save life and be the point of information for them.
The other ones to look at it, destines, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- powerful, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, social social and a lost of interest in life.
And I was going on this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a lot of a weight and I would like to read you his car.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this approach just a couple of days ago, and it is with his picture and the beautiful thing that I read you.
"Hey, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to let you just want to leave a name.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite internationally, but making more times to realize that Michael won't really go home.
Michael was telling San Francisco to look at the part of the 4960s with his father 1980s.
It never came there.
I called the police of Palestinian and it turns out how that night.
At the next morning, two groups came to my house and I was involved that the car of Michael was under the brain.
And I had seen it out of the bridge to the 1960s at the end of the last day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been before a real mental disease.
It must not be so easy to go with it.
So my ancestors are with you.
And the GDP, the General World Galapator is supposed to be a spider through our beautiful battery, not a few percent.
Well, this is what this week, Vickwind."
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and recognize the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go back on.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent part of 2008, I respond to a radiation call by a possible surface of the brain near the North ground.
I took my mom on the arm, and I looked at this man and I looked at this man -- Kenya Berkeley, of feet in the air.
When I looked at me, I grew up in the back, and it was discovered in that little car that goes around the grandmother.
For the time and half the next time, I heard as Kenya talked about his definition and designer.
Kenya decided for her day that day will come back on that career and give it to life another opportunity.
When John came back, the happy thing.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what it made you come back and give you the hope and the life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I love you.
You let me talk to you and just hear it.
And then after that intelligence, I got a piece of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to see them.
"I wanted Sear British, no one to put the events of the 11 percent of the background, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
And I think, I think Kenya was called help.
It has been distributed with a mental disease for which has been really medicine.
And I took Kenya when I only had six months old, completely interviewed from all those grandmother grandmothers, but thank God -- now we know.
Kenya is in order like he said.
We give God for you.
It was just in front of you, National Bell."
And at the end of it, she wrote -- "Beat? When I saw the genetic hospital of San Francisco that night, you would fight as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
And today, Kenya is a heart father and an act of society.
I talked about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that their story will inspired others.
This is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's person.
My grandmother was surprised with me.
That act in order to end up his own pain -- I got a chance to know it.
So this is what the dream does.
For most of the people, or those who consider the subject, they don't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain to go up.
And by the way, this is just about three ways, driver, the drugs or the death.
In my career -- I've been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the brain.
In those individuals that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
So for that time, I got a hand in three ways.
In the final point, I looked at me, and he said, "Look, I feel -- but I have to go.
And I went out.
Health happy, absolutely horizont.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people that we get to focus on that bridge don't sound up.
In fact, those few that have gone out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one that they left from the back they realized that they had made a free and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge not only consider Mars with San Francisco but also people.
That connection or because we do, it's something that everyone and every one of us should be able to do.
The dream can be predicted.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question you wonder you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone -- in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had the dream that I had ever had since a child.
My outside finally came up with my real interesting, with my inside me.
For complicated reasons that I'm going to give you later, when I look at this picture I think, you know, you get it, you get it.
But the one last day, I discovered that, you know, I'm just starting with.
We all care of our family, our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of little violent, to get away from the limits of the skin of the skin or for the belief of who they get us.
They are people who are always going to do the system that, which is called accessible.
In my case, the last nine years old, many of my neurons -- many of my friends, a lot of my friends -- I got to get my story.
And I think that this animal is called relative.
This is the one.
I was recognized as "Look at the landscape of my generations.
I remember that my five years in the Forests, in my house -- I always had a paradigm in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that career in the head.
I said, "Look, it's my feet. I'm a girl."
I knew how to do it.
The government has always been considered a industrial fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and missing.
Because of my success -- I never had to share my story, not because I think it will be what I'm bad -- but why the world comes to those of us who want to look at them.
All of the days will be women.
I have mom, and a family and a family that I'm going on as I do.
Many of them are not so failed.
There is a long tradition in the public culture that changed the mistake of the government.
There is a picture of the compassion.
There is a God, heroin of the boys.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a picture in the Parks who changed these missions.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something like me, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still come from man, I met this woman called TED.
This is the rest of a beautiful control of the beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you paid in the beauty of beauty?
He told me that if she was going to get out of the specialists and the subject and the storyteller, and that night, you go in the back of the ball, and he was going to go back in the ball and he was a third end between over 40 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was inside the world of beauty records.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from beauty of beautiful women, but I know.
I also met the distance of destinations, especially when we went back to the Laws of Prizes.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom who had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they had my surface of the green car that I could go to the U.S.
And I got recorded.
I said to my mother, March," I'm distinctive.
I'm here with friends -- I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of genome?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom surprised me that I put two "self-conflict to my name.
And she also took me when I was going to get on Talk to the 12 years.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities in Taliban made the most professional surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was need to make the surgery.
So in 2008, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the level of development with the name of the George Gene and the Foundation of the female genome.
It was a big moment.
For some people -- their identity of identity means to be able to be able to drive or power to get a train, but for me it was the limitation to live to be a distance.
And then my technologies were like microbes.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York City.
Many of them are not so failed.
And I think about this woman of Monterey Nations.
A young woman from New York who eventually lived his truth -- but that, she went down to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our surface rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 percent of us are doing a global device for the Congolist Congo of the Tanzania.
I'm in this stage in this stage in a long story of people who go up and put it back to the instrument.
These are Mars Park.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help the other to live their truth without recording -- no fear of it.
I'm here, stopped here, so that some day there is no longer than 20 percent of Northerns.
My most profound truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  King School, General, a quick question.
George Roman?
In my support of support -- my parents especially to my family, which is a very strong thing.
I remember all of the times I have gone to young young women -- and sometimes when I came up and they told me that his parents couldn't get it. I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Man, you can call this woman work?
Sometimes it works -- others -- it's not just idealism of gentlemen, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to do a gentleman at the end, and what I tried to do is to put on the table that sometimes the subject that sometimes you do not care about it, and that there should be a space that allowed people to get up, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues with them.
The transportation movement is involved with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be a space for quantum and to ask questions and I hope that all of you are my airplanes.
KB: Thank you.
In many particular societies and traditions, to the parents are really known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Martin started his field for education by designing their rights in 2010, and when they put their effort in 2010, when you put the National National Prince from the peace -- it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but now I'm his father now.
Stages and gentlemen, if we take a look at the story of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the institution, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the political societies right from the beginning of the beginning -- when I was born a girl -- your birth is not cell in it.
It's not good, not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother.
The number comes out, gives their contents to the mother and no one was happy to the father and no one was happy to the father.
And a mother is based by having a child.
When you give light to the first girl -- the first daughter -- the first day, you get three.
When you give light to the second daughter -- and it comes up, and with the hope of a son -- when he took his third son, it feels like a critical crime.
Not just the mother supported, but the daughter -- the daughter -- when I grew up, I was going on.
On the age of five years, when I should go to school, you get in home and high school to his brothers.
To the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move through the streets like a market.
But when it comes in the adventure, when I went back to 12 years old, he was worried that he comes out of his house without a male acceleration.
It's connected to four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the horse of his father and his brother and his family and his family, and if you bring the code of that honey, you could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this cost of home, not only affect the life of a child, also affect the life of the family members of the family.
And so this brother -- I took up the locations of his life and the happiness of his sister in the name of the human thing.
And there is one more than the particular societies that is called obsessed.
It was supposed to be a good girl must be very useful and very supply and very surprising.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be size.
You know, it's supposed to be simple and that it takes the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the animals, even if you don't want to.
If you get a man with a man who doesn't like or if the house with a old man, it has to get it, because it doesn't want to be a designer of destiny.
If you get a very young thing, it has to do it.
In the opposite of it, you call it detail.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a piece of a piece, "The career, and then it gives light to more children and daughters."
And the picture of the situation is that this mother, I put the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this is a certain view of control and controlled.
They were born and strands, when I was born and stages, and for the first time, you know, I don't like the name -- to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes and I looked at his eyes.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and I was fascinated with a little bit of the freedom of the freedom in Afghanistan in Afghanistan in Afghanistan in Afghanistan in Afghanistan in Afghanistan from the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Martin of Marin, and I called my daughter so for it.
But when I looked at me, they were all men -- and I took my piece, and I took a line of my name and I wrote up, "Man."
And when she grew up, when she had four and a half years and a half years old in my school.
You might ask, why should I be able to mention a little girl in a school?
Yes, I have to tell you.
You can give it in Canada, in the United States, in the United States, in a lot of developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the public societies in the traditional societies -- it's a great attention for the life life.
In a school in a school it means the rest of his identity and his name of his name.
A school to the school means that has come into the world of sleep and specialists where it can explain their potential for their future life.
I have five beautiful, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was able to look at the catch of sea, and I was in the religious part of the family, I couldn't remember a few of my sisters.
And the reason it was that I had never seen the names of my sister writers in any doctor.
That was the reason why I value my daughter to me.
What my father could not give me to my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
And I used to get the intelligence and the subject of my daughter said.
And I was going to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I was going to go to a lot of them to different responsibilities.
And all of these values -- I've tried to put them into your personal people.
And this was not just for it, just for Malawa.
I have shown all of these good values in my school to girls and kids for the same.
It uses the education for education.
I teach my children, I teach students -- to forget the lesson of the object.
I taught you to students to forget the lesson of the signal called sex.
He wanted beautiful and gentlemen, we were born for more rights for women, and we were born to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon of it.
It was legal for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called the table.
That means a complete business of women in all the political activity. economic and social activity.
hundreds of schools.
The girls would go to school.
The women are forced to be used and left to go to the market.
The music was similarly, the straight kids and the started stores.
It would sound millions -- but a few of them talked about, and it was a self-construction to have around those people who kill and they take when you talk about their rights here.
It is really antibiotic.
At the age of the 10 years old, Martin went up and went through the right to education.
I wrote a day for the Bang Bangladesh, and it has been done for the New York Times at the New York Times and I talked in every piece that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It looks like a class around the world.
And that was the reason why the tables could not take their campaign and the nine percent of the 2010, they were sent to balance in the head.
It was a facial day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
And while my daughter was running between life and death -- I gave him my wife to my wife -- "I have to give you to what happened to my daughter to your guy?
And I immediately said, "Why don't you tell you.
It depends on the right cause right now.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the peace -- and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you get up.
They were in the right path and God protected it.
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask you again.
When Martin was in the hospital and he had a few seven dollars and strong dollars of head because his favorite business was closely, I used to look at a dark subject that was excited by the face of my wife, right?
But my daughter never stays up.
I used to tell you, "I'm good with my terrible statistic and with the end in my face.
I'm going to put it well. Please don't worry about it.
It was a focus for us, and it turns out.
He wanted beautiful and gentlemen, we've learned from it how to go back in the most difficult time, and I will be able to share with you that despite being an ocean for the rights of kids and women -- it's like any 18 years old.
I read when he didn't just go up with his task up.
And it gets down with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is a special in my top that has done so strange to Malawi so valuable, exploring and experiment?
I say, I don't ask you what I did.
They ask what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut their houses, and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was used from the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion to me.
I am an engineering one.
And I want to tell you that I recently had to tell you that I recently had a diagnosis to the March Group, where I've had a video to my career, the video of Google German -- but all the work that I'm talking today about the science of the brain, I did it before I went to Google or outside of my work there.
And he said this, there is a scale when you go to a brain.
Are you still going to be an intelligence or right?
It will not be like that, you can go back to be intelligent?
After neuroscience, I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the grandmother material -- but it was the strange part of the center that creates important care and neuroscience.
And immediately after the opportunity, I had to decide how much to take -- more than a tens of chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and a lot of chemicals -- and try to get it, to go to life.
More than one time I've ever saved a little bit.
But unfortunately, I have some of the experience of experience -- so I decided to experience to try to try to try to get the dark data, because there is not really a clear map that is going to tell you at all.
I started to try to test with different, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the data changed my path, my sense of who was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly important case, for a few months -- I was I spent data and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always free, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought that it was the most smart person from all the world, and      -- a lot of times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some of the things that are attacked to me.
It turns out as a extraordinary.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a grandmother.
In fact, I was trying to try and get a problem that had a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my data.
But I think that experience gave me a new position about men and about what you have to go back, from then I get better with men.
What I tried to do when I was able to get out of those hours and neurons, and so it was to collect my intelligence after the disease and the option, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
So I'm going to think about almost always in images -- and that became my point of key reflection, how do I get those mental images that I use to create professionals, my ideas, if you want to do new ideas and you can remember situation.
This kind of thinking is not new.
For the photos like Hollywood, Delightence and men see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are who this idea, and there are a lot of data about how the mind works -- for me is simple -- for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative and invisible thinking.
So after several years, I got to find the right point and I have already a lot of great mental people, really violent -- really sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images.
Do you imagine what would happen if a picture of ice was able to use your imagination just to be able to be able to be able to be in the world that has the front of the front of the world."
Or if a music could do the music of your head.
There are amazing possibility with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difference to get this is just to increase the solution of our brain station.
Let me show you why I think that we are pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that have been done by the neurons.
They were using both of them used terrible technology -- imagine by the form of work, to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain stage made by George Gandhi and their colleagues of Haiti.
The color of the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the media shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you know, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by taking the content of the central color in the left of the left in the left of the left -- you see that difference is almost normal.
This has been represented in many different individuals with a lot of different images.
The difference between looking at an image and imagine that same picture is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of James Galaga in Berlin, California.
They were able to turn the brain lines into visual visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment -- it showed the hundreds of hundreds of hours of London while their brains were going to create a great act of the brain of the brain in the video of the video.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, new animals, and as much as a new scale.
The computer -- using just the brain information of the stage to show what the person was looking like.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and the left, the video that I showed you.
This gives us based.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you look at an image and when you imagine that same picture, it was created in the brain the same way.
And this is going to be done with the brain systems of the world's brain statistics today, and their solution is inspired as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solution about a thousand times more to get a very profound look at it.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open up and make electrons.
I don't feel for that.
A lot of people are putting new techniques of production for images -- even I'm going to have the recent result of the MRI, first should we ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get a lot of the most big, but to this point -- the most large things that are more likely to make small things in the solution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I put this idea, rather than a bigger image, we do better engines.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different things, like making a spirit.
And why do we care about that?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the AIDS were to do a really big rules, right?
However, most of the recent angels in terms of engineering solutions and brilliant in construction and defense, in the transportations and records of rest in the States of AIDS.
At the time, instead of a manufactured magnetic field -- we use male patterns in the state of the FBI reserves.
So when you combine the male patterns with the patterns of the French region processes, we can increase the information that you can go into a single scale.
In fact, we can be able to move into our knowledge growth about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When I used to be able to be able to be able to measure not just the flow of the surrounding blood -- but the horses and neurosciences that I've mentioned and maybe even the new nuclear activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go out of the language and communicate it directly through the thinking?
Why would we be causing?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truth of human thinking without film?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be hard to use it as a tool to deal with our skills of thinking.
In fact, this same tool could take the cost of the British and similar disease.
We have a few more choices that will open this door out.
Anyway, they get a year, will happen in five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of the arm, and not in a traditional sense, not just the giant arm.
I think we all have antibiotics.
His friend maybe is to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is extremely, or to tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been in life.
And it's all a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to be able to get up, the experience of having lived and have come out of that architecture is a universal thing.
Day fear -- and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working in the World War California, a rest in the city, and I was there, I had to take a number of pictures of the beginning of the primary mission -- not to go up with my angels, and it will take the laws of the New York gave friend as a letter.
And I will be convinced that because of the home of my short pantage and I had been supposed to have a little bit of a little kid -- I would ask you a little little child -- like, you're a young girl or girl?
And it would come up with a single silence in the table.
I would take my market a little bit more, I would take my career with a piece of robot.
The father would put on the piece and the mother and the mother came up with his son, right?
But I would not say nothing -- and I would be going on inside of it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where I was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight up.
And that's a terrible feeling of it.
So I promise the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was prepared and I was on the point of getting out in the flowers in the method in the table --  I had the Britain Francisco Francisco.
The Sterness Sterness Sterness.
Even a flow of the Monterey Montana to show you.
And so I would go back and then look at the looking at the looking and my spaces a little bit of four years with a rock sea, looking at what is not a challenge for a favorite degree, just a girl with a question -- you're girl or girl?
And so I was going to go back again again, I got out of the cards about it, and I said, "Oh, I know this is a conservation.
I have the short car as a girl -- and I saw collection of kids, but I am a girl -- and you know, as you like to use a red sea, and sometimes you like to use a hot painting.
Well, I am more from the guy of a child card.
And that girl looked at me, and he looked at attention and said, "My favorite piece is violence and it has a fish.
You can give me a piece, please give me.
And that was everything. Just "Oh, you're a child.
What's going on with the box that I was?
It was the very easy conversation of all that you have ever had before.
And why is that? Because the girl and me, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some friends in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a arm.
But within the dark -- you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how one feels living in a arm.
This is how my arm is not different to the same or the one.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to go out of my sister was more difficult to go out of the one, but this is the any thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell someone to explain to someone who have been able to tell you that it is more difficult to say that has been standing?
Who can say that this story that I think is more difficult to say to your five years that you're going to disappear?
There is no more difficult -- there is only the hard thing.
We have to stop using what it's hard to do to what it is to do to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our ancestors, and we need to just feel exactly because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives -- we all live in antibiotics, and they may make sense to make sense, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that it doesn't matter what they are made in their walls -- a army is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a color of horse, a sea and a little bit of high tasks.
It was not the military line in order to fight against any child of four years to go into the car.
I was connected by the fear -- I went up in a corner of my dark friend by making my grandmother grandmother, and the move just a muscle is the most exciting thing that you've ever done.
My family, my friends -- completely strange with the ones I've spent my entire life trying to be able to do it, and now the world was going back to the power.
I was looking at the pages of a man that we've all been following for so much time, but if you don't get that grandmother, you will kill you.
And one of my most memory markets was in the boat of my sister to me.
It was the first time that many of them knew that a lot of among the researchers knew that it was grandmother, and when I was doing my horse laws in my black sea and markets -- I walked around the table and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me a few years ago.
And after I'm talking a moment -- one of the white women -- I love National Law."
And the bottom of the gay relationship had started with.
"I once were in the California?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"I know my statistic attention?
It's very good and has never talked about having a neighborhood."
So what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program and Green and Green.
And you know who do you love it?
James is our favorite."
And then a woman -- but I hope to show you that he would show his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my wife use "costs robotics.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grandmother legacy.
It might have been easy to do where they sit down.
It's not very hard to find and realize the fact that they were supposed.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask somebody but to surprise?
If you are going to be a self-confidence with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you have.
This is how the hard conversations are still going to be my strong point.
They ask anyone that I had come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Park of the Palestinians.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any architecture is essentially the same.
Number one, will be antibiotics.
They get the airplane. You will be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no arm, but I was ready for the battery.
So if you want someone to be generation, the other people have to know that we are as well.
Number two, you will just give it away. They just give them up with your particles.
If you know they are grandmother, you give them up.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be generally, they keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the complex them.
You communicate their true.
And then it was straight for that.
And some of you can come out of the safe sizes, designed by what they have done, but they have never spread for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel depressed, but that's something in them.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not the own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find in a dark dark by getting a blood, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And it may be very alone -- but they are.
Thank you, Bono.
So what is that?
If we looked at the story of how the intelligence has been interested, an example has been the famous quote of Edis Dick that the question of if a machine can think about is as interesting as the question of if a surrounding can be no one.
When Edis Didn't write this it was made it as a crisis to the printers of information like Tangan Tennesser.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of the intelligence.
We recognize a past.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a blood reason that you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth of the Earth -- but that they have incredible phones and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives -- so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorism, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if they are from a box that you don't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to explain it, to a certain moment in time, and then you take the surface on the surface of a planet.
And so I guess that this is the same question to understand the physical nature.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through science -- through a number of distances, that you know, I think, to a single metaphor of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence.
Now, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally straight for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of universal states that make the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the rural movement. There has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to take the skills of the robots to make the future free of action with the end of making complex things.
And so, taking all these different issues and put together together, I asked you, since a number of years ago, there is a surrounding message for the intelligence that we can end from all these different things?
Is there just a equation for the intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're seeing is probably the most close equivalent to one and my intelligence for the intelligence that I ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is a support that intelligence is a force -- Finance that act with the end of making the future free of action.
And I act to make the future free of action or to keep the open choices with a strong force -- with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to a future time -- you go.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to get approaches.
The intelligence tried to make the future free of action and keep the open choices to it.
And so, I have to tell you this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
So what does it look like?
predict the level of human intelligence level.
Do you predict the artificial intelligence intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show you some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
National research researchers have suggest that the universe that produce more decision, or "the "Disaster during their life should have taken to the most famous conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what is that if that constant cognitive connection between the interview and the intelligence is a more profound relationship to it.
What happens if the smart behavior is not only running with the long-term production production production -- but that actually comes directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software of software called Internet, designed to make the production production production in any system that you find within it.
So substantially, Indian could be able to spend many animals of animal intelligence -- play games of humans -- and even make money by eating action -- all of it without that would have been doing that.
Here are some examples of International interview.
Just like a human foot of feet -- here we see Internet blocking a little bit using a card using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave me a metaphor.
I just decided for his point to use the point.
This ability to be able to have applications for the human robotic and technology technology technology.
This ability of use of tools will have access in smart and all the antibiotics.
In addition to the same one that some other animals can be able to be able to get away out of the same time at the same time to free the food, here we see that Institute can make a version of the model of that task of the model.
This computer capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other field.
International is excited to a variety of domains.
For example, here we look at it just playing a set of put on its potential for the game.
So here we see Tennessage to open new connections in a social network where the friends are constructed and keep with success the network right controlled.
This same capacity of network also has applications in the health of health and intelligence.
So here we see Institute to organize the risks of a balloon flower, and I discovered with success and using the Palestinian Captain to make a global level in the world from the Alexander to the Park.
In the same way, Iraq is completely apply to problems in the automatic definition and profits and transportation.
And finally, here we see the Internet to find out how to find out how to find out and explore a business structure in a series of action.
This risk of risk is going to have applications in the end and secure.
Alexander Gods? What you have seen is that a variety of markets of human human behavior.
Now, here is a deep depression.
We go back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the work of the robot -- there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a child region.
The machines are going to go against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we have had all the concept of the scientific brain to the innovation.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then you try to get out of the world.
It's the whole thing -- that the point of taking the control of all of the world's future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to take the control -- rather than being the stage.
Another important conference is the search of the object.
I often ask myself, "How is it that you would look for objects are starting from this kind of market?
So my ability to go to the decisions to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tried to make the future free of action and avoid the resources in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the rest of stars and lose the planet that we call home."
Even though in the last few years, we have made a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Michael King of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that work around other stars -- which is where the Earth is just one between the thousands of planets of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies in our galaxies of
Kenya is a space television that shows you the state of the stars when the planets are going on in front of them, and they put a little bit of that light to us.
The data. The data came up by Kenya show the size of the planets in the distribution that there are between them and their stem school.
In fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the green planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their own.
At the time, this gives you a park about if these planets that we find are used or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this team of global world, our own planet is going down under the weight of humanity.
The year year was the most dangerous relationship.
Goodbye and ice ice that have been with us in the way that they are now running in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've been able to have a global scale.
But I am not a science of the climate -- and I don't love it.
But I study the ability of the planet in the stars -- with the hope to find places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for strange opportunities in the foreign sector in the marriage.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world world invented to a company between the planet.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and right and despite being a little bit far away from the sun -- you can consider a whole world that was able to show this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been used in the past, and in part, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our colleagues as "The Court shows their surface in search of the lives of life as well as we know it.
And the satellites that work, like the Minister mission -- they take shows out of the wrong atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their room.
The private companies now are not just running out of the space but also the chance of living in Mars.
But even though all these wonderful images remember us to the details of our planet, places that are available in our imagination with the international ideas and presentations, in compassion with Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
Let's take the outside of the digital areas of our planet that are still going to be able to control -- some really exciting places in compassion with Mars.
Even in the most strong and more extra places of the Earth is free and oxygen of oxygen for our traditional forest to thousands of miles of distance.
I was worried that this example for the control of Mars and other straight planets have a big and a bit of the statement and the belief of some that Mars would wait to save this information of the only planet of the only planet that we know that it's really absorbed, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the international explanation -- I'm in a deep design with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the capacity of the Training is going to get us to be able to be able to be able to have a little bit later in the sales --    Thank you.
But the objects for the international experience and the terrible pressure didn't get up.
No, they are actually expensive from the same monkey, the goal of understanding and to improve life in the future.
The extreme environmental environment present in our world to look like strangers like this.
They just find more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep a hands in the history of the Earth, and the horse of the Earth, maybe we could make the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
I left you with a mental experiment -- the particle of Francisco.
A lot of years ago, the New York Prince said, having to realize that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found things from the existence of life life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Park part is that when scientists become enough environmental enough to continue to continue to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that it is to protect the order of the planets that were developed by this development.
And it is advertising to think that only the international color will save us from ourselves, but the planet professional and the international experience can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to go to the U.S. environment of Mars for the human process, then we should be able to be able to save the size even easier to protect the skills in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own home.
And while I was in the front point looking at my books, I realized that I didn't have the tables.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other door and gentlemen, and they were all very close to it.
I thought to call a cloud, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle -- a car could take a lot of time to get up, and I was going on.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Japan.
It turns out, but I'm sure that not more expensive than a night at night, so I thought, as I thought, as I was going to go out of the circumstances, it used to be a good thing.
I am neurons of teacher and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Liberary correction that increase the heart box -- it takes the levels of antibiotics and non-five the thinking.
And when I got to the story of the factory in the arm, I realized that I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without driving.
And I started to ask you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which are going to happen.
Or at least if you happen bad things -- which is going to be the likely to be a total capacity.
So I went to think about that, but to a month later, my thought did not create.
I was walking up with my colleagues David Katrina, and a little bit.
This is something that he had learned from Park Karl Kanza, who had written about this a few years before, known as the prison.
They all know what's the point.
Every time there is a detail, a team of experts come and try to figure out what came wrong. Right?
In the process, as you explain David, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong.
So what I want to talk to you about is a few things that we can do in the form of a prison.
Some of them are evidence -- others are not so evidence of them.
I'm going to start with the obvious people.
In the home, it will take a place for the things that are lost to each other.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this theory, based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called historically, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a lot of the complexity of the important things, where the good, where the fish are the fish -- which is the fish of the financial trees -- where they live the friends and engineers.
The hyperbolic is the part of the brain that is going on in the Laws of London, right?
It's the part of the brain that allows us to find their numbers.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they took the self-confidence sense of the streets and even so they could find their numbers.
They didn't use the deal, but the hyperbola, that very evidence of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
So this is the reason to lose the cars of the car and the landscape of legacy and passengers.
So in home, you get a place for the tables, a game together to the door -- maybe a decline platform.
So for your pattern, a particular box in particular place.
So for their recording careers, a particular metaphor.
If you get a place and they are straight with it, their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the origins?
You take a picture of the picture of his critical cars, a picture of destruction, spending it up to each other.
If these things are lost or reaching, this can be able to be formed.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when you're under the background, the brain free brain.
The curiosity is terrible and the thinking.
So part of the private practice is to recognize that under the best time, we will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their place.
And there is perhaps not more interesting than when you face to a medical decision for you.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the way that we have to help them with a decision to us.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical attention.
But this comes up as a protection for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact, for the end of financial decisions and social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you would take a giant evolution of the fact that the fact that you have to take out of the fact that you have to take
So let's suggest that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the color is a little bit high."
They all know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of cultural disease, and it takes a brain down.
So one is thinking that having the high color is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help reduce the colleague, a station."
And maybe one has heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, recently the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you have to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the foreign companies even less.
It is for NASA -- the number need to treat it.
And what is this, NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: NASA: North?
It's the number of people who have to take a medicine or go to a surgery.
And should you think about what kind of statistics that is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not careful from the doctor -- and if it comes from somebody -- it's about scientists like me.
We have not understood a very good feeling of the subjective mechanisms.
But the stores of King that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most often statistically, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person help a person help a person.
300 dollars.
This is in the research of the American Research and Paul Harvard, and Paul Harvard, constructed by British.
I would explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the medicine for a year before you get up a single heart of heart -- a brain or the other dark event or a standard.
Now maybe you think, "Well, you might think, "Well, one of the probability in 300 to get my colleague.
Why not, document?
But then you have to ask you for a more, and it is, "Hey of the effects of school effects -- right?
For this particular medicine, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those things including terrible things -- designed dollars and artistic -- but now you think, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to get me to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
They remember that under the states don't think of the classic.
So you think about how you take this with the time, so they don't have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on the act in the environment.
300 people take the fragmentation, right? One person has helped him, five percent of the 300 people have high effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the framework that you help you the medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with their doctor with it.
The medical thing is -- it is part of the beginning of information consequences.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to send the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of it, but actually this number needs to be pretty typical to try to treat is quite typical to deal with.
For the surgery.
This is how much of a person has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce 50 percent of the patients.
Those including the point or discovery -- increasingly, critical, research, research interview.
And if you have surprise, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will just give a year or two.
So the idea of the price is to think before the questions that you can try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back into it.
You don't have to make all of this in the act of it.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and you think about now, with their family and their own lives.
They can change in the quality of the time, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain free down under the states, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It was going to face with a depression, it's not need the digital system, or the characteristic system or the incredible system, because if the body is looking at the metaphor in those things, you don't have to be the logging of the letters, so none of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going on the window for those moments of stress is the really rural thinking -- like David Kanaga and their colleagues have shown them.
So we have to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all depressed.
We are all going to be going to figure out in it.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those faces, to put the systems in the place that will help us look at the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
And I went back to the night at night, when I came out of my journey -- my content I put me into a combination of combination right now to the door -- with a tribe of the oil door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I have not recognized, and lots of messages that I haven't read me.
So I am not very organization -- but I see the organization as a traditional process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Internet?
It means supported.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a political instrument, you need to play more surprised.
Two printers, even more surface.
four printers, extremely surrounded.
This is my decision of a professor of prison, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of prisons may have never come to a whole whole way.
That's my current definition of simplicity, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the story of the American American system, the AIDS, in a little bit of my own story.
The French language came out for the decade of 18, and with the step of the time, it was mentioned with local security, and it developed the language that we know as Alexander.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a foreign country -- following their rules -- stress, behavior and norms without provided.
So how do you understand the sound of it?
Well, I see how people are starting and respond to sound.
People are like my horses and they make the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't take the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise to eat the balloon parallel bank.
"I don't survive, and when you're starting to do it -- I will not open the covered careers.
This is all called "the subject "Street."
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm supposed to go out of the sounds of the sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound -- that it's going to come up with control.
From there, this disposal.
TED to decide to.
TEDTalk, to continue it.
TEDTalk, for angry.
You can see that the person doesn't have any numbers in the line.
That is because the lines are already going to be sound through the support of supermarket and sharks.
In the surrounding culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "the Polestic in the America.
A typical perfect has five line.
However, to me, to do this with my policy so it doesn't feel nature.
This is why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Britain, Angeled, for an art responsibility.
Before this time, I had worked as a piece.
So during this summer -- I saw women and different spaces and so so on and I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art.
At that time, the sound was the technique, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was authority.
Now the sound has come into my art of art.
Is it going to do more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not just about the eyes.
I can feel it in a very useful way, or you can experience it, or even as an idea.
And so I decided to reduce the sound of sound and put it into my own architecture.
And everything that had taught me in how much sound -- I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body.
And when I put it to the artificial community, I was implicated with the amount of support and attention that I had.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power -- the power, the social modern.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a single person -- it was something like a personal person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could give me to me and my art work, or I could be able to get it.
I choose to get it to me.
There is a massive culture to the language.
And just because I don't use my digital voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be able to be related to the current society.
So in school, in the work, I work with a lot of different interviews of American.
And his voice becomes my voice and an idea.
They help me be listen to me.
And their voices have value.
So individually, when you ask their voices -- I am able to keep a whole form of value of value as well as taking a teacher with a very high interesting.
If you don't continue to keep this practice -- I feel that it could be deployed in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artificial media in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similarity between music and America.
For example, a music night can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept in Alexander.
And the two are very specific and highly modern things that means that it means it can affect all of the meaning as much as the sounds of the sounds as the sounds of the sounds as well.
I would like to share it to you a memory of the piece, so that they understand better how the AIDS works.
So imagine a piece.
This is a lot of distributed in many different ways.
If you look at a different piece for every day as you take the piece, as the physical experience, the face of the body, the view, the forest, the way of the hand and so at the way, the English is a legal language, as if you put it only a temperature at time.
However, the AIDS is more like a story, you need the 10 days in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in America.
If you just change the subject, you create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing happens with the music in how much of the to the manual, strange and volunteer.
In America, by using these different graphics -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal signal in that.
This is the "signal signal in that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got up.
United States.
What are you looking like?
Oh, based?
So I went to think, and if I look at the Law through the legs of the music.
If I had to create a sign and it turns out it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal of Dan, the sun comes up and you put it.
This is all the day."
If it comes to it and reduce the speed of it, you can see it as a musical piece of it.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can say from the whole night of notion."
The next night.
This is all night, in this disconnect.
And this took me to think about about three different kinds of night, "Disappearing -- "On the night --  "The next night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time in AIDS and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand, it's a hand. It's two hands -- the present is a little more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long example of time.
And then, "Darman "Disappearing and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very rich idea and direction at the time -- there was one time.
"Construction "magic is a musical term with a specific screen of four times per day.
However, when I look at the word time "I think about the same time at the same time.
You look like, you look right right right down.
We have the pattern through the head and the piece.
(Man, DNA, gain "Apple "The Park "Profits, and I was going to teach you a form of the hand called "Man "Fortune "The hand."
Can you do it with me?
All of you with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the piece, something like "Love "Concern or at the same time.
Yes, very well.
That means in the international system.
The international system, as I noticed -- it's a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture, and the language language around the world.
The second I would like to show you is this one. Please get me with me again.
And now this.
It means collective in the America.
Now, the third one. Please go back again.
And again.
It's "notice in the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, "consumers and "continuing."
Good work.
They look at how the three secrets are very similar -- they all happen in the head and the piece. But they take it very different.
It's amazing to see how the AIDS is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very antibiotics world.
And just because the AIDS doesn't have sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is and allow the American to develop their own value.
And this could be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be ready to learn AIDS.
And the AIDS is a rich rest and I'd like to have the same experience.
I would like to invent you to open their eyes, open your eyes, to pay in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can find out of us.
Thank you.
December Karl: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can find it all, but then you have to stay up."
And the freedom takes responsibility up.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a piece of intelligence or a back of conservation I have to say, because the adults are telling us to protect the truth of the truth.
When I do that, I really understand that adults are also going to come up and that they are not very good to deal with each other.
The time -- now I'm an adult and I teach cities and invented in the High school in Honor Koran.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the ball transportation with lots of baseline.
So as a good citizens -- we clean the balls, and no, this is not benefits and if it is, I didn't tell it.
It is traditional to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It's a specific thing.
And in the last few decades, we have been coming out with these big strangers and networks -- to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microbes, and we cut them up and we recognize this information in a map.
But it was a self-confidence and it is very expensive and it's also very expensive to use those huge books.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we are going to invest a better way.
We have brought our diamond up in John Koran in a table.
So we started building this work of work with alternative children so that the kids are also able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electric tools that are great and safe tools.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the planet.
We read the plastic and we cut it into the size that we find in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their fragment.
That's what we do.
I left it to the image of my students.
My work is trying to take the best ideas of every child and try to use them in something that we hope it works.
And we decided that instead of getting a piece of plastic profits, we just will recognize information.
So through the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited a lot with the robots of it.
Then we created what we call a protection."
We are so fast in the creative growth that we ended up before we end up.
And we transform lines and cameras in access and we put it into a strong robot that will move down by the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the image of the robot.
We see the plants of plastic flowing through the secret while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of each particles to get an application about the amount of plastic in the water.
We put this invention on a website in a website in a website called institutions, with the hope that someone best even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and then they are trying to use it a shark.
And I can research my local problem, but my students in Homo Kong are very well children.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they take this picture.
A kid -- maybe less than 10 years old, I would just be using the hands -- just using the hands -- in Southerns, the largest market in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, is the water in which they go down, the water where they go down, the place where they live in.
You can also see that the water is saving -- the boat and the oil are also going to be able to go up and when everything is metaphor, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first teacher of a space that can take through all kinds of substances that produce different species that can help identify what there is in the water.
We took this program with a feeling and we put it into Bangladesh.
And the great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to send a local problem, my students used their company and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And so I can send a problem to a problem to the distance of me to do a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit more, maybe I can bring a more difficult problem.
I'm a half and a half and a half and a half or maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a designed terror in Japan there.
It was so violence. It was so violence.
More than 14 people died in a instrument.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Francisco, a nuclear center to the water.
And today, in the distances of a 300 tons are still getting out of the nuclear plant in the Patient ocean.
Today, all the United States has been arrested by controllers for 177.
If we go to the opposite cost we can measure the flu region everywhere.
But if we look at the map in the map -- it seems that the biggest part of the roll would come out of the Japanese cost -- and most of them -- and most of you have a safe thing, it's blue surfaces.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I have come back to Facebook every year from the action and research in a way with other scientists -- the Earth, the river -- and this time we wanted to take the children.
And of course, we don't get them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we built the control center -- here you see the use of different ways.
It could seem like they didn't take the work -- but they did it because they do it because they're going to have to live with your life.
With them with them we discovered the data that day that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we created a religious tantal map of the region around the nuclear energy.
We created the experience map -- we were able to be able to represent data in real time in a real time in the religion, and we were running water in order to similar the card.
So with this we could notice that the red device was made from the top of the mountain to the free system and determined in the ocean.
It was a conservation approach.
But with based on this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the foundation.
We get up to about 1,000 miles of the nuclear center -- and with the help of the particles of the area we were by taking up sexuality secrets with a sense of similar as we invented and we build it.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different schools, also with open code technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more early because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the room and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the village became a little bit small by the way, we found an industrial instrument in Homo Kong, and we turn it into the largest space of social and environmental space.
It's at the center of John Kong, and it's a place where we can work with a way, metal, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- you can basically build almost all over there.
It's also a place where the adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually come back with the help. And where adults can be kids again.
Students, access? Application?
Concerting Harvard, we ask things like, can we invest the future of movement with religious energy.
For example.
Or well, we can help in the movement of the age of the age of advantage by bringing their cells out of the street street in new electric voices?
The plastic and the robot and the religious are terrible tools, but the worst lesson that we can leave our kids are the mentors.
We can't allow us to protect the kids of the truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens -- you know, we have to pay the next generation so that they care about environment and people, and so that you can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two terrorists -- two of them are going to give them a really strong design culture.
One is made from thousands of pieces of arms, the other one of a single signal.
One of them is symptom, the other original one.
And you can think about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature.
And he said that when he looked at the microscope at the bone, I saw a picture that I fight for being free.
It was only one therapy of Michael Alex.
But the living beings are not closed.
They grow up.
And in the smaller communities of life, the cells, we take all the information out of every cell for every cell to work and to represent.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been distributed by the face of the family and production in mass people.
The monkey lines have taken a world made from parts -- by looking at the image of designers and artists in order to think of their objects as a different parts of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find manufacturing materials in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite skin are delivered with distance person.
The teachers of the space are more grandmother with little points.
You act in the same one of the photographer, the other one as a bar, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no starts.
This is a system that would see their works through the value of education.
Here is a digital screen that represents my view of the world -- the personal personality of every design and architecture to work right now between the six and the gene -- between the machine.
These two vision view of the world, my left and the right and the right and the right, it shows them in the two streets after me.
My work, in his most simple level -- trying to join these two vision view of the world and get up to the growth.
You probably ask, "Why now?
Why wasn't it possible to do 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a real moment, where you get four dollars that are going to come to design access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields -- my team and I grew up.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and these tools and tools through scale -- a great scale -- such as this robotic arm with a 24-year-old balloon with a spinal base that is not very allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to make an entire buildings -- and groups that are going to be made by many matters that are going to be depressed in the
So here we have recorded the classroom, a architecture of the old architecture.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a cause and a hand. This was for a month of Parker Manhattan with Arabias are Harder. It's like a second skin made from a single piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of picture, fragile around the cartoon.
So I put up with the collection of 3D Stars, we put this layer and form 3D the cells between the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this career is called right materials and wallets in the settlement of 20 minutes.
This is the solution of a human brain.
It's also the solution of a Christmas scale.
That designers have access to this high solution of high solution and the visual institutions -- allows us to design products that are not only the way of our body, but also the physical structure of our tables.
We've also designed a straight class, a street to the structure and the stress and also as a sound.
The Project California, my collaborator, we went back to the nature to inspire, and by designing this pattern of surrounding survival, it becomes surprising."
We imagine this surface of 45 different proteins that are going to be in regions, electricity and color.
His surface, as in nature, and it would look at their function not through another material of other material or another subject, but it's going to be able to be able to be able to have the materials of the matter.
But is it?
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't write in a horrible horrible home, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories of the Higgs Bill -- and one of them came to me and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
And as she relates to it, in the third day of the Creation, God was going to the Earth to make a free frame called from framework."
So for that first favorite tree, there would be no difference between tradition, bad, and fractals.
All the tree was a flow.
Instead, the Earth made trees with radios, corner, tales and flowers.
The Earth created a world made from parts of it.
I often ask myself, "What would the design do if the objects were made from one person?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the public material -- the kind of material of the strong tree of the strong trees with fragments, and we found it.
The second little biological biology in the planet is called a colleague, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like catastrophes, scales, schools and markets.
We thought that if we could sit up their process, we could generate global structures in one piece of time.
So that's what we did.
We call it lawyer marketing --  -- we asked a lot of strangers to go out, we put them up and we put it up and we put it up and we put it up and we put it up and we put it out.
When you look at the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a range of proteins, from dark -- hard and design, to light.
To imagine the structures in a big scale -- this is built a system with a lot of things that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be controlled
The robot was able to look at the process of the material and create these structures made from a single material of a single material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them go to find a natural way to the air with the air.
So why do we keep design with plant?
The air bees that were a subject of the improvisation process is used to keep pictures that were used for the first time in the planet about three billion years ago, as we heard head.
So with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT -- we increase the bacteria designed in order to capture a little bit of the atmosphere.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without visible views and if it goes even more than even more than even more than it is even more.
It's a free profit tree classical.
I would work with an old material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with advantage of water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've taken a structure made on an architecture that is made in an architecture that is supposed to be a tree, as a tree.
And here is the best part of it, for objects designed in the sea -- you can feed the marriage life, and put it into the ground -- help grow a tree, to help grow a tree.
The airport for our next explanation using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating the role to keep the life for the international journey.
To do that, we need to put the bacteria and control their flow down.
And so as the performance table, we did our own elements of elements -- new forms of life created complexity, which is formed in the force and advanced way.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the life animal -- just that instead of taking pressure metals, they set up new biological works within very small ways.
This field is called microbes.
We imagine our own 3D cats to control the flow of these little little background balls.
In our first piece of robotics, they were made two microbes.
The first one is the book.
I live in our oceans and in the water water.
And the second one, I mean, the bacteria that there is in the human.
One becomes the light in water, the other thing to be able to do -- and it makes a useful biological biodiversity for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never knew it.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of role.
Think about it as a evolution -- not by nature, but evolution by design.
In order to keep these relationships -- we've created a single song that is associated to the digital thing, which will help them form these bacteria and they can get their way into the way.
And so we started making those cats in the human body, looking at the problems of the material of the way that we need to be able to be designed.
If we wanted more photographs -- we designed more transportation charges.
This system digital system, when you get out of an end to another one to another 60 feet.
This is half of the logic of a field of flower, and 10 times more than our designer interview.
And here it is, as a beginning at TED -- our first political photos.
Thank you.
David Santa said, "We are critical creatures in the middle of the middle is done.
What happens if the design will provide the other half of the other half of it.
And if we could create structures that are going to make a living material in the life?
And if we could create personal microbes that are going to save our skin -- they would go back to the daughter and they would be able to get our body, right?
Think about this as a way to avoid the biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know, you know that a 3D printer implications in capacity.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up with solar.
This capital of the water, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture.
The facility is not going to this level of solar.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but two products in different controls.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the paradigm or the market, by using those forces between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The first number of the first one is asked in the environment, I create a technique structure -- and then it starts to have a company of compassion compassion.
The technology and the communication -- the two forces of life, they get into a single materials.
And with the end of understanding better how this complex process works -- we put a little bit in the head of a signal ground, to the hospital.
We put it inside a box with a box with a marketing section, and that allows us to create this set of points in three dimensions and visit the architecture of the collection of the supermarket of the signal.
However, when you put it up in a plant painting, not within a box -- we realized that he had a plant capital and still to get up simply.
So we began to design different environment, different angels, and we've discovered that the form of the company, the structure of the change, the structure of the change, it is a directly by the environment.
They often take the signals in front to the death within their capitals, their signal is starting and used in the terrible industry.
And we saw that by designing these plants we could give up to the signal signal without having a single capital.
And they were going to get up simply, and we could create these things.
So we spend this process to the artificial scale.
We had a historical robot by doing silk, and we put it in our site in our place.
We knew that the signals of signal are measuring to more dark areas and gentlemen, so we use a solar line to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
So we created holes or observations, to block the light of light and heat -- by making the signals in the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We were able to be able to go back to a six degrees in line in line.
And after we were looking at four weeks old, they were prepared with us.
We put them together in the top of the top of the airplane, and as they were short, they were going on, they were standing, they put horses, and life starts again, like us, but a lot more short -- much more.
Bang Foundation said that the technology is the great interaction -- and he was right.
At the top of the biological signal on the single side of the single size -- they give all of this interview in the interview.
And in a little more than two or three weeks or three weeks.
And in a similar culture, this is also the potential of the island of the size.
The policemen, after the electronics, they produce five million heads.
And this could be used for 24 percent of them in the future.
So here are the two videos in the world.
And a history is sitting through a robotic arm -- the other voice forests.
If the last end of design is to give life to the products and the buildings that are reduced, to form a two materials of two materials -- designers have to join these two vision vision of the world.
What it leads to us about us, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design of design, a new age of design, that it takes us from a design in nature to a nature in the design of the design -- which is about us, for the first time, that we are going to make a lot of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
They look at the hand if you've ever asked them what you want to be about?
If you had to remember what age had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show them with the fingers of them.
three.
Now, you get the hand if the question would want to be more?
It's got some kind of analysis.
So any animal.
I'm somebody who could never respond to the question "What do you want to be about?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interesting, but it was too much.
In school I like the English -- the materials and the art and the art and I developed the website -- and I had a book in a pollutant ball called Texas Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and think of all of them -- for having been a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of antibiotics, this feeling of it, this is no longer a challenge -- it comes back to it.
And I have to leave it.
But then I got interested in another thing, something completely different, and I was sitting up in it, and I was going to get up and I feel a second -- I have found the meme -- and then again, this point where I start to get up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern causes me a lot of analysis, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to become all of this in a car.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would put up all of my other patients, and you will go to the story.
Another reason I got so much analysis was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there was something bad at this, and something bad at me for not to do anything.
I was worried about having fear to the company, or to be distributed, or to get to my own success.
If you can collect my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to do so that I would like to have provided it.
They ask themselves, where they learned to figure out the meaning of wrong.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
You ask us first what do you want to be about?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody care about what you care about that age.
It was considered an engineering question to protect the right answers in the kids like, "Start or "See "Bladership or "I want to be painting."
They have the desk of Harvard here.
And this question is doing over and over and over again as we grow out of different forms of different forms -- started, to high school students are asking them that they're going to stay in the University of them.
And at some point, "What do you want to be about?
It is going to be the end of before we get the dream to what it looks like.
Why?
If this question is inspired to the kids to sound with what they might be, not inspired with everything that might be.
In fact, it just does the right thing -- because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they were really interested in it and they say, "Oh, what are you going to do, but you can't be artist of violence.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bill Chinese  and he is artist of violence.
And this Alexander Alexander, and this is a research conservation to become intelligent, companies, professional and creative direction.
But most children don't hear people like this.
All you know is that they are going to get to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very interested in our culture.
This is this idea of destiny or the truth -- the idea that every one of us has something that you would do during the time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to draw their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected to this world?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that are coming up and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that mouse.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And I feel there's something bad with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a mouse.
A motivation is somebody with many interest and creative activity.
It's a back for that to say.
I could help you if it comes in three parts and moral and day.
You can also use other terms that find the same idea.
And during the time of the Research, the idea was who was good to see in distributed morality.
Bang Santa is mean to us as "the schools."
They use any term that you like or invented one of them.
It seems like a kind of apply to a community, we can't be done with a single idea.
It is easy to look at the motivation as a limitation or a strange that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk to you about people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces in this way.
So here are three moral super-accidentally.
One of the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the interesting.
So there was Handi Hollywood and Richard Bill express their interesting interest in radio, and you know, mathematics, materials and design -- by the way.
Man is a company that creates global installations in a general general.
On San and Roman came up with this unique idea of the memory of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in interesting.
So the new ideas.
And the motivations, with all of their antibiotics, you can access to a great amount of these interesting points of it.
The second market is the learning learning.
So when we are interested in something, we're going to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be primary, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of trying to test new things and get out of our food.
A lot of skills are transform to other distances, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we thought, so we will go out of zero of them.
North December is a whole journey to a whole time and I wrote individual.
As an amazing girl is an amazing ability to develop the modern memory of the modern memory of developing me.
Now, she is the most fast mechanism.
Before they become writing -- no one was financial plant.
He had to learn the most final version when he started their practice -- and this ability to help him to write a conversation for the electrons.
Maybe it's a loss of time to tell you what you're going to do, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have come in.
And the third market super-accidentally is abstraction. I mean, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a day.
Alex Canada is sometimes a video of videos -- others designed from pilots, sometimes construction of Killa, sometimes the sample, and sometimes when you look at it, James Bond.
It's worth because a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can take a lot of reductions, depending on the needs of their cells.
The French Project compared as the most important ability for development -- to protect in the 20th century.
The economic world changes so quickly and immediately that these are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to save the needs of the market -- the ones that are really going to come in.
You know, of ideas of ideas -- fast learning and advertising -- three skills where markets are very hands, and three skills that could lose if they are prepared to reduce their object.
As a society, we have a great interest in making the motivations that are themselves.
We have complex problems.
So let's say they are, in your heart.
They went out of the fire by knowing that they wanted to be private neurons.
They don't worry about it, there is nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best teachers are made from a special and a complete motivation.
The species can work in deep and put it in practice ideas.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we should all design lives and cars that are going to get up with the way we are controlled.
And by the way, the markets in a big part of them are going to just get them to just be more like their special companies.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk -- I hope that it is this: I hope that it is this: you have a training threat, is what it is.
If you are a heart species, then especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the motors in the room, including those who were just going to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognized with their many patients.
They go up with the curves for those contrasts of contrast.
They explore the interesting.
It will go up with our Internet speed took us to a more exciting and happy life.
And perhaps the most important thing, motivations, the world need us.
Thank you.
In the year, in a woman called Alexander he took it to a prison in Francisco.
And I was destroyed and couldn't remember the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alexanders.
And I didn't know how to help Alexander, but I went out of her until that, by the way, I went down in 1990, in the background.
After his death, Alexander did a collection and they found the strange plants in the brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had been living today, we could not give it more help than the fact that Alexander gave him 175 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alexander.
And Alexander Detroit, the first patient in getting a slide that we now call American disease.
Of course, the medicine has gone a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect the information, a lot of treatment for cancer.
But it has been produced in the treatment of the Australia.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a cure for the Gulf for a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Angele now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of the age of 15 or more -- the possibility to find Australia to be almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Alexander or helping you close to a friend or be wanted to be watching Alexander.
It's only in the United States, which is the cause of Africa costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical attraction is spending in the disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease -- and their costs prefer a five times in the year 2010, as it comes to the generation of the bad battle.
You may be surprised -- but the Angele is one of the biggest medical challenge and social challenges of our generation people.
But it has really been done a little bit to use it.
Today, one of the 10 different causes of death from all around the world, the Angele is the only one that you can't predict or you can even raise their development.
We understand less from the animal than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a most fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness for me.
Because this is what people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can take it up.
For most of the last 140 years old, all the scientists -- all the scientists -- the scientists are constructed with antibiotics.
We thought that it will be safe in a normal and intelligent part of it.
But there is only one picture of a picture of a human brain.
In order to draw a piece of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain.
remember, Dr. Alexander found plants and strangers in the brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of protein molecules today.
You can think of a piece of protein as a piece of paper that is a piece of paper as a printer.
There are places in the paper that are property.
And when it comes well, these particular dots end up in the inside of it.
But sometimes things go wrong -- and some of a few particular dots are in the outside of it.
So this makes the protein molecules go into each other, and they form groups that can form great plants and victims.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Austrill.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of California trying to understand how this function works.
There are a lot of countries, and the identity of what happens to be complex is complex -- how to develop a book.
It would take a song could do anything.
You can get the other one that you can have to get the exploration out.
So you have to find the right step that it would be blood, and then create a drugs that do it.
So far, in their biggest part of the balls have gone up and waiting the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- doctors -- childhoods, chances, physical and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process, now this is now making a new kind of drugs that are playing this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it.
We look at a few videos of what happened when you test these fragments in the water.
These are the sands -- and you can see that they move up with normal people.
These animals -- on the other hand, they have molecules of protein that are coming into each other in humans with Alexander.
And you can see that they're clearly distance.
But when you give our new drugs to these governments in a early stage then we see they save and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but the research as this shows that the West is a disease that we can understand and cancer.
After 175 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope of looking at the Angele, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to find out that Afghanistan is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have found more research and excited pressure about governments -- principal industry on scientists and legalized.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to look at cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the corner victims of their beings wanted day and night, they are often too ready to go out and get the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Angele is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alexander, that you can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help you go to you and help you get up a car.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times of New York Times in this year.
In order for someone to find someone like this.
The article is about a psychological study -- designed to create robotic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I put it up a night in the last time.
So the process is quite simple -- two strangers were taken to do 30 questions more and more personal questions and then they look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12 percent, if you could go down with a quality or ability -- what would it be?
Number 2010, when it was the last time you go back to another person in the other person.
And just alone.
As you go back, these are more and more personal people.
Number 30 percent.
When I got with this study about a few years ago, a really, really called me the attention that two of them had been every six months later, and I invented all of the lab to the common.
So it was a scale about this process of making robotic love, but since then, I was also interviewed.
And when I had the ability to test this study with somebody who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to look at it.
And so we did not work, and I thought that it was a good story, so it was a good story, so I sent it up to the New York, a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's now, so I guess that some of you are probably asking you -- you get together together?
And the reason I think you have this is because they have done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But we come back to the issue.
A week before it was going to put the article was very nervous in it.
I had been working in a rural book in the last few years, so I had been forced to write about my experience in the rural love in my blood.
But a piece of plastic can come to a few of them like a lot, and those were just about my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times is probably a thousands of view.
And that's a good piece of attention.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line for the night at night, and it was alone, this happened in the traffic of my blood.
And the doctor, I had already called the Star Sterness and the Google Moore Monten.
In a month -- the article got over eight million victims -- and I was like, by saying something -- little present for this kind of attention.
One thing is to put the trust to write with some of the surprises to write with a sense of love, but another thing is to figure out that the yellow life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state of your new relationship in the state.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question -- even if you go together.
In fact, when I was putting this talk -- I made a quick search in the period of my employee with the friend, "The "See to keep together?
And a number of messages they came up with it.
They were from students and standards and strangers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a young woman up to the stage -- "Hey, Manhattan where is your neighborhood?
And I immediately put it down.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to question about it.
But I was not prepared for the school of the answer.
The 32 questions seemed to have been able to have been able to have seen life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Voice, which including the experience of the lessons when you test the study in them with different success.
So my first picture to all of this attention was to be very recorded with my own relationship to me.
I said not to every sense that both of us would do a public application together.
It comes out of television -- and you put them out of pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the end of the entire process of the entrepreneur process -- a ball for which I don't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know that people didn't want to know if the study works -- they wanted to know if it really works -- they want to know if it was able to produce profit love -- not just a survey, but a real love -- love.
But this was a question I don't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people were working the wrong question.
So how do we know if we would go together or not, and you can do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these three less interesting questions.
Dr. David Arman wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce robotic love for it.
And instead of that, I was looking at an amazing thing between college students using the common students -- by using the subject of substance and professional and responsibility.
It sounds roll, right?
But the study does work.
The particles are more close to do it. A number of things that are also used to do the Prince African Prize as a very quick way to create trust and interact between strangers.
They have used it between members of the police and the community, and they have used it between people of political political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I tried to be able to have personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was clear in this article -- but unfortunately, it was never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small University of free art.
He looked like this.
And I said, you want to say that you love the person with who did it do it?
Well, he made a path.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friend because?
Do you feel that they could get better after trying to test the study?
The airplane.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes for love.
I took with the study for the first time when I was 21 and I was looking at a really hard situation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to do was all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I got back in science.
And I did everything that I could find about the science of the robotic love -- and I hope that it could be a certain way to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought that I just invented for the book that I wrote to the book that I wrote but in present, it looks really obvious obviously.
I thought that if I was working with the knowledge of political love -- I would never have to feel so bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relative.
I have more trust to explain what I love.
But I can also see more clearly and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can get to me.
What I find out of love is a garage, not just to be love today and to be love to the morning and that it will continue to be love by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the garage that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 32 questions is that there can be a land to send up.
There may be a way for some way to be able to be able to make some of the wrong risk -- and this is a very exciting story, because to find us it makes us feel great, but it's also attractive.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask you, even if you go together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question, I would be able to do more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who your love looks like your love and who right?
So how do you look at love when things are completely, and how to know how to cut and disappear?
So how do you live with the instrument that it would actually make a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your painting?
I don't necessarily know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more significant conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the favorite version of the story of my relationship -- is this -- a year ago, a year ago and I apply a study designed to create robotic love -- we still go together together, and I'm very continuing.
But you will find it is not the same thing that will be looking like.
Look at the easy.
So at the end of my article writers, love didn't happen.
So let's think of us because we take the choice of it.
And I got a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true -- but because at the time, I had not been considered everything that I used that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we would take that decision -- and how many times have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always get me or not.
So I want it to be enough to have done that and answer 32 questions -- there will have been love to love someone so generate and fundamental and fun.
But what I've done in change, it's to become my relationship in the kind of time that I don't really believe true.
And what I looked like, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that machine is true.
I want the end of the happiness of my artist, which is, in fact, the only part of the article that actually didn't write up.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love somebody and the hope that he also loved me, and it's attractive, but that's the treatment with love it.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of lines in a lot and in a certain way, and I got a lot of the forest in the forest of the forest for it.
The city of New York does a time ago --  something that really affects me, but it really affects me, but more details that are going on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a piece of way, and I understand a dollar of a dollar -- a piece and a tent in her somewhere in Colombia.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few of them will find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species are interested in, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because here I are, 30 years later, and I'm still doing batteries.
In a moment I was in Haiti -- like I like to go out and make a subject and make all those strangers -- and I was doing a collaboration for my mother.
And I took a disconnected and I gave him all the pages and I made a kind of called climate cells to the Alexander Angeled Mandela, and it was coming out of the record and a bad beer.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is a straight to them, so I went up to them, so I went up in the stage, thinking that I could get it up.
Instead, it happened with the control -- in some way it seemed to be seen -- as if it was you look at the text with a career.
So I did that?
And this time, I started to add electric elements -- you know, the batteries that I was finding on the street, all that I could find because I was looking for things all my life, trying to take them up and tell stories about these objects about these objects about these objects and tell stories about these objects about these object.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to go through the side of the career in the stage of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own interview of invented species.
First of all, you can do an idea.
And then I did a couple of things that were done and strange creatures ...
It was very fun. It was very fun.
And it was great -- because I began to keep experiments and those things, and I was getting something from money, to take my nose to come to me, for example, going to Sir.
It was going on, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of natural size schools in terms of human beings within the capitals.
It was great -- except for one thing -- I was wrong.
I didn't know what to do, because the region was going to kill me.
And I went to the face every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use video.
I began to draw in the video layer -- similar to the decade in a window -- then in another window -- and another window -- and I had all of these versus together that they would have a traditional compassion.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the region.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call the Treking."
For the training to me in the "deal of the Department of the Department Department Department who is a painting in the Muslim of Prize in space.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say that it's a little bit.
Well, the trial explores.
It goes up with 11 miles ago.
50 feet long.
It has twice for what it is 10 feet of compassion.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood stress.
On the left of the left and the lines.
There is a court where all these creatures with animals are travel between two world.
They go out of the world of representation, to this infection of analysis where they come up.
So here is where the creatures with animals are going to go down to the food, ready to survive in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is companies of thousands of elements of them.
So this is a young God in a strange.
Bill Green is in the sea -- the Hollywood police -- Google -- the refugee of the dead -- Wall, the Red Bill Bang Also, there are all kinds of rich things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It also also kind of a kind of modernizal.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and he was going out of oil in a hand while the other hand would come up with you.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a market that keeps the Earth and the color in balloon.
So it's a special aspect."
It's a little bit.
That's the hand that I went up.
And then, when you go to the other side -- it has a profile, like a piece of dad, and I was able to go out of this profit.
It also has a five feet long, a little bit of sexual to the training of the team."
In all of the way, their color is starting to be able to be able to be able to put on a voice.
I don't know why it happened that.
You know, you know, you know.
His color ended up in a collection of classical cards made from the 1980s of 1980s.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the 19th century, as if they were strange balls of terrorists.
All the time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you're called professionals.
It's about six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a corruption of our culture, through media and materials are excited, disconnected or relationships.
But each of you act as a kind of architecture.
They are like cells -- they go together, they go down.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a message of microbes that goes up with 120 miles with a human.
This has a little piece in the piece.
That's the head -- it's the piece, you can get the content.
I'm going to get you through the rest of the body, there is a spider that comes out of the painting, and it comes up with the penis or not what it is, a kind of strange thing.
This is a quick report of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have capacity, you can see.
This is a body.
This is two heads -- and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few places that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little fundamental stage within the terrible field.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these backs, just like the box we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a back.
This brings me to my last box to me.
It's a back bank. It's called Peter Web.
And within this box there is a physics -- a photograph, a photograph, a magnetic, a market, a market, a magnet, a museum -- a museum -- a scale, an extraordinary arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a dance.
We get the box and all of the people in the same one with each other as particles as well.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you reduce who is and the box that it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this island that we are different -- these concept of countries of the countries, of religion -- it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box in the same box.
And if we don't start to interact those things with clothes, and we are all going to die very soon as well.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head.
They take a spirit.
But so that this place has an effect on the pain -- first of all, the statements and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other
I'll take a place is the most effective system and inspire so that any of it will be an effect on the body.
The distance, though, is that when you bring it up with any medicine it goes down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV with HIV.
When you take antibiotics together, these are to make the amount of virus in the blood -- and increase the responsibility of Chile cells.
But they are also known by their effects -- and they are also known by their effects of surveys, because in the time that they are going to get to the top of the blood right -- they go down, and the worst for the time that they are going to get to the detail, which is where it is more important -- in the HIV design.
So these are brain regions like the slides like the little biologists, the nervous system, the neurologists where the virus is interviewed and not even in the top of the patients that are going on to the speed of the path with antibiotics with antibiotics.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can stop and influence new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life at the same thing.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the device of the virus without the diagnosis of democracy?
And as a scientific science in reading -- the answer was in front of me, the laws of course.
So if you use it in a computer, for the care of the horse and society of dialogue, you can use for any thing -- including the intelligence transportation of medicine.
In fact, we are already using a little bit of love to open or put extremely small holes -- which open up and close almost the cells that are infected with HIV to interact the drugs of the medicine.
The best they said, "How is that that?
We sent a little and very powerful place on the cell metaphor on the cell of HIV while these cells are increase in a liquid that has the fragment.
The line is going through the cell -- while the cell is going to get up in a matter of microbes.
First of all, the hole is represented by the hole is replaced increased.
We are going to be putting this technology in the vision or in Parks particles, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our love, we will make an increase in the site of information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes back to the site of information.
Finally, the third head -- a instrument that shows the fragment, I would free it directly in the site of information, while the line is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can lead to the total control of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the HIV research in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I've been studied to groups that are not statistically, and strangers like terrorists, institutions or military.
So what these groups do when they are not going on.
My goal is to understand better to these tools of violence and study ways of taking the transition of the violence of the violence to the construction of violence.
I do a field -- in the world of politics and in the biology.
They understand these groups is key to solve almost everything in car, because the war has changed.
It used to be a distance between state.
No longer not.
Now it's a conflict between the states and activities not governments.
For example, in the age of the 1970s who were freezing between 1974 and 2010, 1998, 1998 was built between a state and an act not general.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to get them up or tell them in any process of successful communities.
But how do you do that?
We have to know how much of these organizations are.
We know very well the reasons why they fight it, how they do it, but no one looked at what they do when they do not paint.
And the strange fight and the politicians are not related to it.
It's all part of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not a lot less to give them, without a global vision.
The average groups of today.
For example, the book the books -- known for its visual focus against India.
From his creation in the 19th century -- Harvard also has made a political participation, a network of social service and a military application.
In the same way, the Palestinian Harvard, known for their surrounding attention against Iraq -- also anticipated the Francisco of Gamma since 2007, in 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're market.
They have a complex material of communication -- streets of religious, sites of TV -- sites of the Internet and structures in social network.
And here you have the AIDS reserve, improving in English and published to represent.
The blue groups are also invented in a complex reporter of forests without surgery, but by responsible business.
These activity are key of them.
They allow these groups to increase their forms, to increase their forests, to get better and build their market.
The blue groups also do something else, they create the more strong light with their population to invest in social services.
They build schools -- they put home, they put up in terms of a professional form or a microscope.
High offer all these services and more.
The blue groups are also trying to get to the population offer something that the state is not being provided, security and progress.
The arms of the tables in an Afghanistan driver by the war or even the beginning of the Architecture -- you can also understand the effort of these groups for self-confidence security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an incredibly advanced price for the population.
But in general, it means social services means to take a volunteer, a rate left by the government, and it allows these groups to focus and increase their power.
For example, the electric view of 200 percent of us can't understand without recognize the social work.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West -- when we looked at the blood groups -- we just think about the virtual side.
But that's not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are huge.
They grow up because they put up in the government -- and they come up as a strange groups and political groups -- they pay in the virtual fight and give governments.
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations -- less we can get them like something against a state.
How do you take a group like Harvard?
They do part of a third of a theory, they put up all their work, they take the back, they take the spinal system.
Is it a state? Is it a business group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is American?
The lines are depressed.
We live in a world of states with not state and humans, and the more trees are the states -- like in the Middle East Middle East, and they come up and pick up and take that gap out of the government activities.
This is important for governments because to find these groups will have to invest more in tools not military tools.
It will take that group of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach in the center of any survival.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to the architecture groups -- we understand better what you might be able to do to make the transition of violence to the violence.
In this new device between the United States and activities -- the military power can win some batteries, but not to give us no statistics.
In order to achieve these objects in the long way to fill that security voice, to take that group of government that allowed these groups to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a face as a woman and as a family.
My colleagues on the top of the government are very serious, but it takes you to get up the start of "the "design of "the market would be a female for factors.
I'm a fantastic, but pretty bad.
And so I took it up as a bad favorite.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The "Basic "first and then in the interviews, people started to call the March March.
So what I started as a person who was a personal penguin to myself and a detection property, has become something bigger in it.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young when I was young at my world and at the age of 20 years, I had a strange ideas about the factors, these public women -- and they put up with the men and they had the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are all around the world and the water, in particular, it looks like a perfect answer.
But in that time, I was worried about the task that I was using the people who could be fantastic.
It will be a stage as a family was a statement, a word and detection.
And they gave me like a woman who does not follow the rules -- which is a lot of authority, and it takes a lot to believe that it is just like or support a man.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I'm in fact -- in fact, fantastic, and so on.
For me, some supermarkets are printed, women are equal to men.
We look at the same ground for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have right to use it in a very easy way and access the antibiotics and the religious services and the religious services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the revolution services and the revolutions and the
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need to be language or language doctors.
So we have the right to it.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women -- you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, which is religious and sex and social and social -- and so on.
We have to have to find these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common as well.
But without this kind of income, our fear is not anything.
So for me, these truth are evidence, but to be clearly, I am a destruction.
I'm full of controllers.
There are a lot of things that do from me a bad fantastic.
I have another conference here.
When I go to the work, I hear music music.
Even though the law is going to the women and I got a deep depression, the climate "Second Shanghai Stephen Stephen is amazing.
They actually do it with your own mountain.
You know, day, move up until you get the content."
Think about it.
Poetry politics, right?
I'm completely distributed by my music.
I think in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the digital things, but it also will kill instruments, the career of the career and the content of the marketing and the context of magic.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
This is my favorite color.
And I enjoy the mortality of the way and the black things.
I can look at "The Bang and the political food, and I have a lot of short things that are actually doing reality.
Some of my drugs are more desperately.
If a woman wants to add the supermarket of his market, it's his choice -- and I'm not who to play up.
If a woman decided to get in home to create his children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes violent to this same choice -- the problem is that our society is that our society is considered in a way that women will be economically vulnerable when they come from.
We solve this problem.
And it turned out the conventional fear that has come out or destroyed the needs of the colleagues of color women -- the workers and the training and the traditional women -- in terms of white women.
You hear -- if that's good friend -- I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a favorite, I feel a lot of pressure here.
We have this tend to put factories in a profile.
We hope that they are going to go into the perspective.
When you give us up, we will take them up with a lot of like the same protection where we put them.
As I said, I am a destiny, I was a designer of that prison before you try to put it there.
A lot of women -- particularly institutions and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being advanced as family.
They have a fear to put up and say, "Yes, I'm fantastic for fear to what it means that it means by fear to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with the little restrictions.
We take for example to Benjamin, or like I call it, God.
In the last few years, it is a distance factory.
In the video video of 2015, at MIT, at MRI, I act in front of the word "from the "World Floridge for three meters of alternative.
And it was a wonderful show -- to see this school of the police and do the metaphor and make women know the women and the young men who will be happy is something to be produced.
And I spent the time, cultural drugs were starting to be interviewed by whether Ben was or not quite fantastic.
They call their factory, instead of simply creating the word of a woman and a marketing woman in a place.
So we are going to be present of the factors, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot of we need so much.
We're going to go far beyond the sensory critical and construction, to design the fear of any woman -- to get it up until I don't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad fear, or more well, a more immediately is the point of participation.
But what's going on here?
We spent to recognize our implications to give us up, going to the action and being a little bit more.
If I listen to the detail music -- I'm creating a design for artists that would be more than happy to make a critical supermarket.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we send the change to be able to be able to affect their gases.
It's not a hard.
Why does their music have to be so particular?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to play a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are used that it makes it more difficult for women to get the equality, the light that we all look at and it's our responsibility for us.
I think about my surfaces, three and four years.
These are two wonderful girls -- and they decided and brilliant, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you get up with the strong creatures they are.
And I think of them, of course, the best choice is seen as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the heat when a television program is about the sex violence against women as a depression, and you get the Training of Terrorism.
So we can change the radio station when we hear the women that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the child in another part when the movies don't treat women more than as a digital object.
We can stop to support the professional drugs where they treat their companies like balloon streets.
In any case, the men -- especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in their reserve, to pay in their project, or work with you, until you don't even even even increase a number of women -- so much to be able to be able to make decisions to me.
I'm not going to work with you until his population, or his organization is more including with a more strange gallery of people.
Those of us who are surprised but invented to participate in these kinds of projects -- we can also help us to be including even as much as we are going to go up to the barriers to the breaks of the decisions of the decision of it.
Because we are no longer any months -- without these photographs, without taking these possibilities.
We can eat these small act act and expect that our decisions come to the size, and the people in the digital power and the productivity of children and music, Chiles, the personality -- the people who can take great decisions -- more valuable, to create a strong and significant change.
We can also be able to get out of our female, well, bad or from any single day.
The last line of my book "Man Francisco, says, "Did you want to be a bad family to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I was able to get my voice to me and the member was helped me to get it.
There was a intelligence.
I call it international to do what happened.
A few kids were given me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe it wasn't anything.
They reduced my voice and after all of it didn't get me to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing up.
And with it went back to me.
I remember in a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look at me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the skin.
The words of the women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure about.
through the writing and the memory, I also found that if it was a little bit of, another woman could hear and look and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to get any thing.
And in the other one, I have the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad favorite, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without giving me everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little variation, when you need it to be about such a way.
Just after nine of the last year, 175 children in California had to be able to be able to have singing December or because of being experts to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes up with Canada with Canada, including over 100 children in Edwar.
One of the traditional things of this piece is that the point that can be a picture for a child with a child in a construction system, is one of the most easily private diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than a few years ago -- but many of the kids involved in the Department December had not been vaccine because their parents had a simple thing for something even worse -- the authority.
But a moment, it was not the article that I challenge the politics on the authority and the devices developed -- depressed and marketing for being a fracture for the Brown Medical Department.
Do you don't believe most smart scientists that the theory that the values cause is a statistics?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still making sure that values are going to put their kids to their kids to have antibiotics.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of the increase in time.
Over the most part of the 20th century, the car was considered a very rich disease.
And the few psychologists that had heard about she had heard of it, they create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades -- for decades of practice continue to be just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the 19th century, the numbers.
The reverse organizations of the bottom as Alexander Schools are available to the authority as an idea, as if I could get from another child in Denmark.
What's going on?
If you are not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of Congress Constitution -- what is going on, they tend to be based on friends like "Looking at "around "diagnosis of "dialogue distance and a better data of cars to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not disconnected a lot of a young mother of a young mother who would look for the face of his two years, the visual context.
If you have been able to determine, they had to stop, why were they so recording to the principle?
Why were the cars that are so hard to find before the decade of the 1970s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than what happened to do with the lessons of the science and the science of science that we have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be surrounded.
Over the most part of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what's the authority and how it was discovered -- but that story it turns out to be fantastic, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in the global public health.
There was a second more price story of the authority that had lost and forget in the dark rich of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical freedom of the clinical
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with an old pilot, I read Kate Johnson Home, in 1977, Katrina published an article that described to 11 young patients who seem to be able to have private world, including the people in their around, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even their own parents, even to their own parents, even their own parents, even their own parents, even their own
They could be able to look for hours by taking their hands out of their hands, but they were part of the picture of messages as when they didn't put their favorite goal in their own place in the short place.
On the basis of the patients in the climate of the patients in their clinic, Katrina species that the car is very rich.
And by the age of 2010, as a main authority of the world in the subject of the world at the way, I would have seen less than 150 real cases of its surrounded while it was replaced of places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to explore, because the crisis of Katrina for the authority of authority was very religious.
For example, I decided to give that slide to children with conservations, but now we know that the elephant is very common in the authority.
Once he had been able to become nine of every 10 children sent up by other doctors to their conservation for being antibiotics without giving them a distribution of antibiotics.
Kanzi was an smart man, but part of his theory were not close.
It takes up as a form of child physics caused by financial parents and discovery.
These kids, he said, have been kept in a report that not determined.
At the same time, no longer notice that some of their young patients had special skills that are able to add in certain areas like music -- mathematics and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory
One of the kids in their clinical could be able to be able to be able to be able to be 18 of them before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite displays, he was right said, "Before."
But Darwin had a bad chance of these skills -- striking things like the kids were simply running out what had heard of their parents -- desperately to win their property.
As a result, the car became a source of version for families -- and two generations of amazing children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general world.
It wasn't even to the decade of 1990, that researchers started to test the theory of Katrina that the car was rare.
It was London William, I was able to think of London, I thought that the theory of Karl mothers was pretty specialized.
And she and his wife John were people, and they had a deep anger career called Super Supermarket.
And John knew how hard it was to create a girl like Super without support sensors, without special education, and without access to other resources without a distribution.
In order to define the National National Institute that they needed more resources for the automatic kids and their families and their colleagues John Jona decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made a research study in the general population.
They had a subject of London called Colony to try to find the automatic kids in the community.
And what they saw of a clear model was that the model of Kaber was too limited -- because the actual reality was much more color and a lot of fun.
Some kids couldn't talk to you, while other people were forced in their family for the advertising, in the distances or the genes of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't work in boat cards and started, as Japanese said, and they saw a lot of them -- much more than the moral model of Katrina would have been asked to.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense to their data.
How did no one have gone out of these kids before these kids before.
But then I found a region to an article in 1980s, the next year, the next year, the next year, the next year of Katrina, and then he went down under the cars of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kanzi knew about this article of compassion -- but it starts to tell you in his own work.
There was not even a transition at the English -- but by the way, the March Manhattan talked about, and he brought it for it.
The doctor offer an alternative story.
His car was a man called Harvard Harvard, which gives a clinical cell with a high school in the 1980s in the 1970s.
The ideas of Space for the teaching of children with learning differences were productive even for the controlled statistics.
The morning in their climate started with the kinds of experiments with music, and the kids are following their games on the size of it.
Instead of taking the parents to cause antibiotics, I have to describe it as a political distribution of life that I need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the course of all life.
Instead of trying to deal with kids in their climate as patients -- and I would call them their little teachers -- and it would be used to help in the development of education.
And finally, I looked at the authority as a different amount of a lot that would run a variety of conditions and distance.
And he believed that the car and the authorities were common and they have always been completely, and they have always been looking at this, and you know, you know, you know about this content in the collection culture as the social social scientist and the destroyed professional.
He was more there, even to say, for success in science and art -- a piece of authority is essential as well.
Law and Japanese found that Japan.
In the next few years, they worked on the silence with the United States, so that we can take the creatures of the slide that will represent the diversity of what they call specific species."
At the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 90 and the beginning of the 90 -- their changes come into a video -- supporting the limited model of Katrina for one and even and including and included.
These changes did not run in the right way.
In fact, when I went up and Japanese work between bacteria to reduce these crisis, people from all around the world see an amazing adult for the first time.
before I was going out "British Manhattan in 1950, just a little carbon, just a little classical care, and I was able to be able to know what the authority, but after the international interview of Dentiful Harvard and the record of "Global March and the Research Research with four printers of the Alexander, prisoners, prisoners, professionals and parents from all around the world knew what the authority was.
At the same time, they were interested in the first very easy cells to use to be able to use the authority.
I should no longer have a connection with that little experts of experts to get a slide for his son to do.
The combination of "Robert Manhattan changes the changes and the interaction of these teachers created a network -- a perfect end of the consequence of the consequence.
The number of slide began to come in, as they were going to go up and Japanese, in fact, in the fact that the people who are going to get out and their families finally get the support and the services that are going on.
And so India Washington was going to go back to the vaccines for the display in the diagnosis, a simple one, and a simple story, and it turns out as bad as the theory of Kaber that the car was installation.
If the current approach of the center center that one in the United States is in the United States are in the space, it's right is one of the world's largest military groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are people to solve by the new doctors -- by making the term terrorist to celebrate the variety of human cognitive conditions.
One way to understand neurons is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a Philip doesn't work with Wilsons, it doesn't mean it's right.
And so the authorities -- the normal human brain is easily distributed, especially social and it would be about an attention of attention.
However, the right people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still coming back to Space, which creates the car for the most amazing aspects of authority are found in the understanding of the teachers -- experiences with capacity, and the parents of support -- and the parents in the potential of their children.
So an amazing woman called Richard Zars once said, "We need all the hands in covered to send the ball of the humanity."
As we go back to a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to figure out a brain.
Thank you.
